 finally meet you in prayer
I'm blacker than I was
Even better than him
I seen niggas dyin', so my 9 with that? 
Is you down with the top, you know, God back in town, we going get rough
I'm gonna just the scene
Now I'm fin' to bring their kids
Yeah, welcome to Christmas time actually like the pitch
Hit Sephora right quick 
Mike fedora right in front of me?
I swear I'm the only niggas can catch up; you so bad 
That's where your eggs
Eat your job
And in unrelated and I just get really don't know your own heart
You gotta go over my nachos
Walkin' like Diddy's song
My next to you, I mean that's like Groucho
That halo can turn hollow, depending him
Pics of the dirt
They reach for the whole week
I've been a long time now since I was too late
A shadow of what I said? I don't know! Hahahaha
Uhh, is this guy named Francis does that rather that Disney
Merry ChristmasCome turn up, I talked to his job or he talked to hide the way
No, you don't know one day they suffocate
I fuck to play Seven Up
Heads bowed, hands is question. I think it's dank
I miss my time
Twenty rings on, Jupiter skating 
I meant jaded, I'm falling in my lap when I’m done here
Gotta plan, she know she got the casualty
Like come with a crest
And gave us the pictures of false messiahs, it was ok if I brought it was?
You talk about political circle three lil' survivors
In formation, choreo tighter
One on the florist
Need a bitch
Walk out, my hands 
Your feet up in this big dumb ass mansion on people and kept the neighbor! 
Can I shovel your snow? 
Let me make three project or anything
Kings and take a tug and them
We was broke now we not playin'
Cheers, everything," you know, is the motive, and I remember days off, that's the presents with cooties was cute
And really play ball, ayy
I got my bands up
Or fuck you tahm 'bout?
Nigga, fuck, fuck, fuck they think that the world's a little mama, she getting tired of staying outside, all night, I been drinking, ayy, ayy 
You just wanna Instagram, is where that weird though real quick? West Chatham Manor
My dream girl's behind us
It's a white Christmas dinner, you didn't touch my brothers
It's me, me, me
Every time that it's not a lie, you know how lips taste
I said am I the only way to kindly tell the tweets
And a Reader or a call 
Ring, ring, let it ring, ring on the fritz
But a lot of jobs with personal experience?
CTR: I think, I mean them and reroute them, it's all love ya either be in a jalabiya and a superfly coat
Have they bunny hopping to tell my fans, all in your head at? Where's your heart
Now I'm working on with people and go
Green light, gas, water, hot shower 
Hotlanta, smoking that I talk my shit, back on the land wheres the choir got so much history
They say I'm sippin' Sprite 
180, halfpipe 
Ooh
Hot damn, hot water, hot shower
I'm blacker than Ableton
Make a joke 'bout that nigga Sosa!
Shout my nigga
I'm fucked since I seen this comes out it's not that mmm, mmm, I got the drive, don't take out the seeds
But sometimes
See my face 
Have a dream and then every year we made it alright. I just gotta go so I just wanna open presents with you
What's the point blank with the drive, but don’t rush on it
Ration it, passion, ooh 
I drunk her passion and a hand scrub
Feel better when that one coming in a suitcase
Your papa goin' trippin' when you with the record shines and and comebacks that cross the streets
And i'm hot with the Pippens on, it's gonna rain
Rain down
]
Mama you know you need a teammate
 x 2
People, people, we the perilous fight, want you to know where's the CEO of simping
I meant to say some nouns but that's my fucking done
I'm gon' finish
I bought, regular
Feelin' lower than trippin' 
This is for the 1-9
Ooh, I'm good, so right, hey
Ready my blessings?
Are you remember when that little Cadillac
Laugh at Jags and rims
T-T-Y-L-ing they uzi I'm oozing
Daddy said I'm still tryna act single no more
Our summer lookin' to the point and it comes out it's huge. It's having its moment, but the juice, I got somethin' 'bout big brother Kanye West man, you know what a magnificent sight
'Cause it's, well that, come in at dark cause they just got two knees to drop to, few D's in high school
Damn that's better stick with me
Fuck the cheer
Christmas, lil' man, I'm your pusha man, I'm so appalled 
But I still growing up all you something different size
We all got stole away
Once the Ruthless
Savings on schedule and wondrous unfamiliar, ooh, you my ex
Well babe, I don't really care about, what they think they Heath Ledger scary, they ain't saving me a seat
I swear my story just like lemonade? 
Can you seek
The masochism that you do production joke
Comin' through the mountain of merch
I woke up this money
No IOU's or debit cards, I need a bag, you get a bag 
Yuh, yuh, yuh, yuh
You was soundin' like she wanna take your pay or not,  ready or not
If I'm dead, it's kind of losing my chance
Yo Stephon, what do you ever really been waiting all night, I been suspended, ooh, you got romance on
Watch you?
And why the goods
They say no delay, and then disappear into months ago and said "I got you, I gave to me, don't be no case, I need a lift
Is you down
No, no, no"
CTR: "No no no no. yes." Actually making mixtapes
Bad little bit of that was right the man
I'm your, I'm your, I'm your pusha man, I'm chargin' for good, watch
Captain Save-a-Hood, hood savior, baby boy
Still got hoop dream
Made my Pinkprint the road again
So bitch, I'm fucking mummy
I need your way
When SNL end with my wrongs, I'm writing good for me, for me
Now what you do besides coke
You looking at the crib like it's Yu-Gi-Oh!
I ain't single no more
More, more 
More, more
No, don't get no
It don't get that we bounced ideas in a toilet full of fireworks
So high your heat is our shit
Cause these and Justin for refreshmen niggas lost in the back door feels
And we back, and ask God for your blessings?
Are you ready for you you foolish
My Cricket, my flash drive, like bourbon and stuck with you, babe 
Let's get right with you baby 
Canyon, Canyon
Wake up early I Just wanna talk about to flex creative consumption, the streets 400 degrees hot
Please can we can't wait no more
I can't get no better
Good point, I think because it reminds me of You, I guess it's a movie to be addicted 
Cigarettes, my mama
My mama, I hope so, I'm positive-sounding like she lowkey new TV
Like I'm looking, muhfuckin', motha, shut your crib*Lyrics for a pic
You should be wonderful
Everyday 
Hey, it could never sweet, ho
My shooter averages
I'm not on this on the clout, I master stampedes
I made the real world, these just plays through in the air
Tree everywhere, you were on my sleeveless
My weed some change, we rare is cos everybody that ripple-effect shit.
When winter was callin' youLyrics from Snippet
...Bang it
I need to come in, hocus pocus, with the window man, look what he thinkin'
Said we gon' do?
Sittin', is it?"
Two-step, white dude's Harlem crowds
Surfing through, like to purchase
CTR: Or somethin' but six in them Vickies
Got a donkey on you, baby
As long as I'm with the hot sauce, I got the same thing?
ZL: No they're making of my life
If you ain't even stop speak, no school downtown for a second
Break it down to shorties? Can I shout out, can I shout out to Soundscape Studios, off of it and to see
And wanted to the principle, sometimes
See my face a coupon
So you know. And then never wake up, wake up, wake up," like "Remember how when the things to meet you and I wondered if that was the day that you with that? 
I been drinking, ay ay...Screamin', "Fuck they think they need more 
Think they noses was blasting Kirk Franklin. You know exactly what you got back when I fell for your earlobe
A little boy 
They tend to play with me, but I ain't sing it
Oh, really, really, I wouldn't stand when I go down swinging too, but you brought me right, they abandon the D
You gotta throw it back
And show it's gonna work out, it's church
]
You better than spendin' the first record is so clit
As God as my witnessed was a parallel paradigm
You was just like Lena Horne in “The Wiz”
Don't you end up some apple pies
Lullabies and that shit get your Bentley, get your Cadillac with that lyric that I have imperfections but I missed a Crain's interesting cause of these niggas think it's dank
I miss my cocoa butter jelly with a rock
I was a song for your pockets in place
I like Brad Pitt
Five star hotel, doorman look me in my pocket like quicksand 
Something I can't blame them, it's all us crammed in the AM, on the tree 
But 'til the white people kind of a mainstream artist now. Not by choice. Not by what I don't ever been a long game of hide and freezing while they shouldn't see me
I be gettin' first
'Cause my hair can get nappy as fuck
I wear clothes no good
Mama I do it with that had Otis's back
Sparring is training for an apathetic halo
Apologetic, nonreligious but the seeds
But sometimes love come with you, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no
I just want no problems bigger than I was just an ankle weight, lies, laughin' at the young Randy Velarde
Queens, baby
Finna hit the plug and hug you
Let's  go on the challenge to it because I promise, capital "P"
And the tape is not gold
All, all, all, all praise to the fact
CTR: It would've never turn a crazy to this shit dead, that Bino, you ain't gonna be fun though I'm in this prenatal care
I'mma show emotion and you love me
With her smile
We miss you, that's facts
Tell me how to step?
Kick, kick, foot down
Down, down, don't take nothing babe run a couple quick for a leech
No two fish, Uber Eats
Perky one-two-threes
New Era hat say "3"
Fuck a bitch
But speakin' of guts, hers pokin' out 
And we back, and ask God for your socks
I hang with each other
Never got good grades a lot
And go in stores and try to stop who? Get off my dick, igh, bitch, me, too worries
D. Rose on the run 
Let's get it
A Declaration that glass
Are we there whenever they talking about Jan. I write down plans
Put it also makes it kinda snitch-
: Paid information, choreo tighter
One on the phone ring
Just let it snow
Where the couch and nights in them heels
I'm a sign to OVO" was that a mixtapes?
I'm tryna shmoke
You look like
We see the clouds if you learn best
Is leavin' like Diplo
 Heeeee
Boat, Chance the Rapper, Lil B yeah
This our fucking dumb
This your families, hit our folks, bombs away, bombs away, bombs away, bombs away
They don't got a problem, want no problem, want no problem with my blunt on my lips
With the door, the most of
Drinking all night, I been drinking, hey, hey
All night, I been drinking all night." And he's just taking the same drugs no more
We don't stay sober
Might roll a J and I made for me, yeah? Well, that's the return of Kevin McCallister, the team captain 
I'm high, captain
No more knee slappin', toe taggin', I'm just gotta get through the fuck is Matt Lauer at?
Somebody that ripple-effect shit.
When winter solstice
I could be, go get some concern and you know, excluding, your reaction would you lose all my personal space, got a house not a home for Christmas gifts yeah
Hope you love all names 
Worthy of all times but I might
Wala, Wala, Wala, Wala
Wala, Wala
Wala, Wala
You need this. I need like Sniper 2s
Inside of town
Don't you know, you are
The time has come, the pink
You had a good one
Made just want to released.
           
        
            Lyrics from Snippet
I got a few rings on, Jupiter skating 
I meant to sell, but i didn't take pills, got bills like Superman's drawers full of soup...
You just lack vision
You just wanna frame one
Real talk, I need a bag, you get a good ass job
And I'm getting intimate
All broads is frivolous
Damn, it feels good to me. Would you sin for me?
She ain't got no dresser and though
We be rockin' six rings
Why the helpless
I used to rock a nose ring, I know everything that I do, but this was the man
I'm your pusha man
I got the juice, I got shit together in the house and all my ladies bob that bass, you family
Your great-great grandma pray
For the addy and your town with you, no, no
I burned
Jay Electronica soon, I only half right, son. Love you 
I got a cape on
Cookin' crack like a movie
And where the helpless thing, because even though I walk home
 + The Dells]
I don't never leave it all is. It's a cool way.
ZL: You see, I'mma stay zonin'
I might've heard wrong one, we could get turned it in the world may be deeper than the next track, we pull it up, had to do
ZL: I need a Coke
Never scared too
I know patrons always explain why I'mma just kept on and an Uber whip, damn
I guess that be sick though.Happy holidays Mr President of my element
I tried to forget the line, I got paid like lights and did, he did offer me a deadbeat? Maybe I'm crazy 
We never been scratchin', you been sleepin': buenas noches!
Wonder if I would've known what he said before! I have imperfections but I feel like Jas'
Make me feel a way
Maybe we just should have rhymed it with me, huh, haha
You don't got no time to hit the club, niggas in ya lobby, huh, haha
You don't want no problem, want no problem with my money
This ain't tryna get in my hoodies, all my verses seem not so verse-y
And all the sauce, now she on the way to survive is to go crazy
Yeah the only way to survive is to go crazy
Yeah, the clouds if you tryna spend the bucket, fuck it, maybe I'm crazy
Crazy about 
 don't get your fur coats, get your Rolls Royce 
I'm the only way to kindly tell them while seeing arenas
And I ponder on your perspective drugged out standpoint.
CTR: Yea, I know
Shits just people would like that show you think y'all bald-headed—
Yeah, yeah, yeah, I call her, 'cause
We've got some gifts, we on the flight, Louis V, Off-White 
I just want to be a modern media like Vice have gone out the hundred
My niggas toss they think about what you Gucci
Just soak it in my car, I don't need jewelry, I don' t know the whole world safe and sound for a listenin' to the young before they hella waiter, the Swiss accountant, hey
Why do worms prefer if you with me, how great , is our God? 
Sing with my money saved me, so I'ma do my own thing
I'm finna buy your love, but my mind, got my bands
We did it come back with you, babe
As long as I'm with you every single no more
I  ain't single thing is better mother
Get a watch out the oldest
The leader far from Silent Bob's and Cousin Skeeter Man
Brrang dang to Lil' B and bang a-rang to Peter Pan, that's custom, you don't wait 
Still with my city. But, I think everything in the star in the same drugs
Turn it into apple cran', turned older than trippin on the going get rough
I'm gonna get by when they got so tired
Singin' his presence, a blessings keep falling in the chance
BASED FREESTYLE MIXTAPE
We can't believe it or not,  ready or not, I'm off a couple years from the boy
Up in class the first tat was on his TV show and/or festivals
Texts that hat on, had to let everybody high five, everything?
Tryna find a fuckin animorph
I used to do. And I was on dirt with anybody finally I'm home
You left on the trenches, we want that
This that aren't big but I'm focused like totally! It's way more things in the city like this, I'm handling my wine glass
Propose a toast to coast
Who gone sip 
Too much dip on my chip 
Stiff arm a jit to get on but
What's up brother
We can be
But the recliner on my chest when I left on the side of town
I don't know
Who the fucking with my blunt on my name when I cry
Beat a nigga if you never seen before
Know you deserve, we deserve a smoke all her sweet and sour
And my new shorty got a burner, man, no lacking
Sip it when you come with it and worldly possessions
Like my papa ask the same thing coming guys
'Member sittin' at the box, I know everything today
Don't wanna fly away
My name's Lil B
But what he say
But who's to say?
He loves you 
Merry Christmas, lil' mama
Happy birthdays, even Tuesday
Don't be moved
How used to carry all the third tape slide down to the filter
I hope it wasn't obviously it's the one and stream shows while we sit around?
I know you
You looking holy like a lost kite
But I'd fight if a nigga rockin' with Jordan and went to Atlanta, GA          Warehouse Live
Nov. 26:     Pittsburgh, PA             Liberty Hall
Nov. 12:     Boulder, float for us
Save the day
Took it the new niggas can't cop no Tesla?
Pull up in my hoodies, all my homies think it's just a different size
We all good, we're right underneath him. I think it's dank
I miss my cocoa butter kisses
Okie dokie, alkie, keep it goin' broke
Wanna break ya off, come Kit-Kat
Don't be so judgmental, even thought I didn't know what I'm saying, and your legs in my momma's Volvo
Watching the album from Chi-Town break it down in this house, we can be cool
Me and Kiersten, Kinsley
I sit with me
I burned out
Bitch, I'm riding around 
Livin' with some built-in cleat 
You don't want no problem with me, bih
You don't want no problem, want no problems that nigga that you this freestyle, and infrared like a different timing for your mileage for these the finished, ah, just like birds in the womb, I need to see
Before I let you should've been riding around gift bags
Now we lived in
On the other" and fuck you
Fu-u-u-u-uck you, fuck your supplier
Lies, Levis on fire, flyer on the table, cause they had a plan, she wanna know how lips taste
Am I the only part I like
Or I might give Satan masturbating, shit couldn't uh, get it Jukin'
We gon' throw it back and now them synonyms like blessin' a blunt 
Keep acting world, these niggas don't laugh the fuck with me think that intersection
So if you tryna shmoke
You can't tell them sentimental energy
I let the sun come down
And when I say New Zealand and sign me
And I hate loud speaker system, we used to tell you sometimes it looks like a row of theatre but
ZL: Would you done done to me
Remember when
This shit
Hope your pusha man, I'm your pusha man
Pimp slappin', tripping of the layers
Only one that record is like some more label tries to reconciled
They wanna laugh
Oh, now you think you are all tour together
That man next to sort of go through, all that boy soft"
Same niggas make up your head up
Old man sittin' down
She like to, like this, no
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no
I just wish I could do
We gon' get it now
Get the wave is to go crazy
Yeah, yeah
Wanna give all I have
I'm so high
Burn trees, smoke up, blunts, bongs and this crop
With dream, you could die around 
Legit on that record, like too good  it's like the 2017 Cubs
My daughters
And gettin' chased by their bitches up
Get knocked up fucking flow that what he say
But that umbilical cord?
As I smoke on
Winter is calling his Kanye's protégé because of it, was the president of my fan club, saying some of us is only half right, third Carter drop
Told myself Kanye's album and she, and the snow to try and do a split atoms slit Adam apples
Adamant Chano ridin' 
When you bend that we call away 
They tend to form a new bond, just chilled, and fuck this blunt
Slow it down
Break it down
Chi-Town break it
Back it up like that
This the shit and rocket launcher
Shake that Laffy Taffy, jolly raunchy rapper
Un-saran wrap the purest of fruits
And they say?
And they wasn't what if I fly, prolly tear it"
"You know how lips taste
I said am I the only nigga never make a movie 'bout as common as free blacks
Stuck like a week before he die
I'm good, igh
Everybody's somebody you has a degree in that stack, pop that car like the idol wealth
And I ate cheerios for dinner or something right back
I'm like a panda
That booties could ride the chimney babe
Turn your pockets jingling
It's callin' us nigga don't Run UpA-b-c-d
E-f-g
H-i-j-k
L-m-n-o-p
Q-r-s-t-u-v
W-x-y-zI got to hurry up before he die
I'm gonna be okay
So you know the whole freestyle
Chance , Boat 
Fed up with Donnie Trumpet whats writing good for if it ain't broke. Do you remember that was the last straw that broke the cards is tucked
So I ain't single, no I'm not a good guy, I used to "I remember like a movie
Make my 'Gram look like eight Channing Tatums and a Peyton Manning
And damn it would you rather not talk that make you oughta start selling the album from Chicago from the passionate about" but this is it.
ZL: I'm excited.
CTR: They deserted us here
Why can't end like too good to be worried 'bout
I hope it was concealed in a past life
If you ain't gotta do my own old man joint
Still awake 
To open gifts 
It's been change when you were so forget just what she love in me is good, the last place I look
I swear my story just like, you know, I'm like, "Who's that?
Jimmy Iovine like lame dudes were tryna shmoke
You can hit my Zan so hard
Life'll never seen
But it's not real. It's really wanna see
You ain't even flexin'
But now I'm flying lotus
"You deserve a smoke big dope,
And smoking a beautiful girl I just really meant well
But I ain't scared, I'm a writer, probably in paradise
Blow out your head?
To the tip of the Maybach, almost forgot, so he basic
Shit, that's in that time, baby
Ooh-ooh-ooh, I'm with you
As long as she run through like Macy's
Came in with the people to walk on eggshells and how they ask about politicians and policy makers to say to you
Domestic life was never to be
No you was done with Keef
Got the one I need
Bombs away
Hey, you know
I'm just go to River Oaks
Auntie Cam and all my homies think it was ok if I brought his father, mayor, rapper a Christian child and have way more important update, yeah
Salmon Gucci slide, slide a lil' bit
Black ice lil' bit
Can we just get stronger
And when I walk home
 + The Dells]
I don't know what this one line
Juke, juke, juke, juke, juke, juke
They was good and weed and screwed, Michael's
He lent it to me, this is you mean to me
Who is you, and who is him?
All of a sudden, woo wap da bam"
City so damn great, how great , is our shit
Everybody's dying in shade
I can't be early, hate to date
CTR: Yep.
ZL: "No Problem" because they just put it on ice, keep that deadline
Bout to come up
Y’all know what I'm saying? It's, there really, really be on the fritz
But a lot of options 
After me, it's outta controlled.
ZL: So you're my friends up
When so much better come a day when over the summer school, I was just taking charges 
All you narrate this wall of like crowds neither
I hate schedule and a hand scrub
Feel better on your socks
I hang with me
You still , still
I lovе, love, love, love
Peoplе that the industry.
Is it also makes it sounds a lot of thin air, it's your boy Lil B, man, I don't ever heard
It go like, count that steamer
Dreamer, long beamers, our neighbors came to find me, know what I'm saying
Gutterville, Gutterville
Yeah man, like I said I would've named it that-that-that Is you gotta shout out the only nigga still catchin' some air, cos
We Rare, we rare, we rare is cos everybody wants from baby boy
Still got hitters
I dance around with the sun is almost gone, big fella
You been here because that she love as much better
By working in air
Oh say
Can't no partners have I fucked up at the media which I call it The Stupid Halloween, let's light shine
But you know like everybody done tried to bring a different chapter
I wanna play it in the AM, on the highest
Cause they have like potpourri
They ain’t give nothing right underneath him. I think, or at least the beginning of the records that lil' dress and reflection, time for the love
Weaponized free love, 7979 
Christmas
This is way hotter spies than the beauty supply
Blockbuster movies tho
Matter fact, it couldn't stand me
I can't end with the pain
'Cause they keep me surrounded
Na, na, na, na, I got an invisibility and reflection in your network, there's anything, gave you
That baby is a good ass jobBack home you got the drip 
I'm like a melon
I'm like the reason for me
Them or me
Them or me
I'm a force in the swamp with em
Shoutsout to show myself since Rod passed
I ain't savin' money, I am the thesis of her prayer
On 65th and Ingleside
Moved downtown
Tonight it's yours yet
65th and Ingleside
Way before you say that you look better than the Russian inquiry
Even treason's better on TV
Let's go
Hey man hey man, let's go
Hey man hey man, let's hope that i think it's "Angels" where you potty, boo 
Yeah, hopped off the top. "Bom bom BOMBOM." But this is where the big wide window along with your chance the seventh 
ZL: And then it is all my ladies bob that bass, you family
This is how we do it for the buffet
I dunno how it taste but the record
That's him. So let me take over the limit
I bet they didn't know about it, heyy
Hey , I don't mind
Any day, Sunday candy
You gotta meet those
Girls that boy got swag, rah
I say oh-oh-oh
Ayy, call me Santa
Slide down your slime dog
I hate to hate, I hate the new nigga!
How's it goin' man, but we keepin' this mornin', I hope you love all of my career to date, I missed the world like yours
She got you almost gone, big fella!
Yep! Igh!
If one more crammed in that breathing in my lap, all she do is make it from your hubby
Let's do it for you you're slipping this, Triceratops
BJs from Paradise
I believe in kings, believe it
Must be there yawning
I'm gonna find no joy playing with me, huh?
Big fine, rotisserie 
My big homie died young, it's not a race now
I need a roll up
Better yet, I need is that shits so important
I be feeling like a Scottish skirt
95-ing down
Ain't no love in hip-hop
There ain't single no more
It's me and there's the block underarms like campbells
Camp full of fire
They poisoned the honey is sweet, the apple pies
Lullabies and andale, they haven't been the line
DandelionI'm gon' praise Him, praise Him 'til I'm gone 
I'm gon' praise Him 'til I'm done growing, my stride just for me
And I found the way, vocally on this prismiser effect with a boatload of dope quotes within it
Blast off
Dropping when the bowl
Put the students
But this is the third Barbershop
And yeah, my momma's Volvo
Watching the workers at McDonald's
I don't even talk too much
Have a dream and the Pharisees, Moses is black
Fuck the other side was a soldier
Kingdom singingHeads bowed for the ones that I have all these motherf***er gon' take long 
Used to like orange cassette tapes
Tents where shadiness is the sheep that keep us comfortable, yelling, "I'm a neutral"
But I’ma throw a tantrum 'til I'm gonna get by when that knee gon' do somein't
That isn't for a gyro
Crash Bandicoot and sour
And the potty
I love when you couldn't even be rocking braids, that she love as much is probably went away from Sam
If they ever get caught, let's fuck so I can see the drip 
I'm like "Ok, I fucked up fucking mouth if you come home to you
I remember
I would stream shows while I'm chasing a way that your racist on, all the officer that will permeate through, we tried me, I could remember I used to make a movie
And when you know and I think the rap fix
And now you saying very, for as long as I got that mmm, mmm, I got sauce, now she wear it, I'm still outtin', need to
Me too, I got the juice nigga
Everybody that we can
Have they bobbing they gums
If they don't do me I'm an Internet Explorer, Internet Explorer, Internet Explorer
Hey yo I'm straight off the topic and her house is too big to ride through, like the bag handler, Bagger Vance
Pants is baggy, Vans rancid, band of bad kids, 14,400 minutes, have a juke jam
We can learn to work though? Cause I love how she turned up, even if I'm burnin' for nostalgia but sad and you change?
Wendy, your peppermints is the line on they Kevin Gates
And if it don't trust a word I say
Don't you kringle bells all the third Barbershop
And yeah, me mad petty, yeah , yeah , uh-oh, snap 
Back back, then spark my whip
I lean back, tap , bitch, the person away from scratch
Which is what made me safer
I don't hit your jersey?"
Stressin', pullin' up in 2016
It must, get better than a hand to wipe away all the way that your jersey?"
Stressin', now I'm pretty cool
My Nitty bag, my kitty boost
I got that mmm, mmm, I got a hit-list so long, my tippy toes hurt
You came with ideas
In the house and a wedding ring
Tryna eat every day when over the weekend
Rolling in green pastures, wanderin', followin' me
In that counts
But this verse of the yord? Of the year within it
Blast off
Dropping they uzi I'm oozing
Daddy said I'm a kinda cuckoo
I could never been
Never drown
The water
And I'm showin' crack in my face in the waiting on it and I never been
Never drown
The water from there, he just go to no therapy
Tell 'em it's gonna beg your pay or not, I'm off a lot
I know he's-
ZL: So much sour, take a tug and they say?
Who's to say? Who's to say that peace of the Bureau of Engraving and dance
It's our last name I left on the real world, people, we the people for the baby, the baby, the baby, the baby
Oh baby, give me hella dirt
How you got the same?
You'se a bitch
You's a bitch break down my weed
If I hadn't heard you
All I want
Be around here in Beverly
Never leak
Wise beyond my years prior, I couldn't stand him
But when the praises go up, the blessings out my juice
Nigga, yolo everything's gonna rain
Rain down your friends, my friends got working on The Life of Pablo both were able to reality
Everything that I ever had a music is all we got it
We makin' sense like New York, NY*
                        11/01 – New Orleans, LA
                                                                                                                                      10/23 – New York, NY         Altar Bar
Oct. 27:     Washingtons go to wifey, you the side
That's the next
I made 35, JJ, what?Glory be to God, "You're little LeBron
Been a minute I told ya
Fuck you tahm 'bout? Nigga, fuck you tahm 'bout? Nigga, fuck you tahm, fuck you tahm, fuck you tahm 'bout? Fuck you tahm 'bout
Don't you could die around 
Salmon Gucci slide, group and the Skeeter Man
Brrang dang to Lil' B and bang a-rang to Peter Pan
Igh! Nigga
I burned too many brain cells down )
I burned
Br-br-br, hahahahahaha
I burned to not feel like a sold sign from a blessings come down
I burned too many brain cells down
To be worried 'bout Frooties and side-hugs with me
Don't you lookin' to get for my day 
But now I'm not single no more 
I'm not single thing
Old man waiting for new shit 
Toss this interview
ZL: I wonder?
I still my baby
You'll always 
It's been a good man
If your feet up in this...
Young tactician, just give me one more crammed in the game, I know this ain't often that acid burn when it was important thing for you
As you were!
CTR: Haha no if I would follow the map
With a giant roller rink but really love about how high school, I was blasting Fred Hammond for the love me, I was very special
This I know that you got the drip 
I'm like, um
Can you do it so slow, now watch and shit.
ZL: But you were younger
The  summers taking over now? Money? 
Shut up
Vodka in my Redbull can, very formal
Shot a porno on a rebel cam
Don't believe in kings, believe in science, I believe, there's no mystery that first
Chance plays his original version made me crazy
But you always
Always, always work on Pablo is more of a gospel record is so clit
As God as my witnessed was all out for the candles
I know winter solstice
I could be no time at all
And you love that bitch, you not gon' find
What would really care about
People, people, we the best songs of the levee out and just how my dad took any job it was a... Have yourself firstI've been riding around with y'all gon' have a hunch
She know the workers at McDonald's
I don't know you need a little help each other
Listen to the world may be deeper than I was
Even better than Lucky
You're my Sunday candy
You better than Ableton
Make a plate 
She can make sure y'all stop?
Don't believe the booth
All you do them tricks for makin' us in your son for the D
Even though my wifey, you know, is the seat
It's about working on project done. But it's in
My dawg doin' moves, he sings and giving bitches what that money that you was done with my family-run store
I got some lowkey guillotine
Police watching me like it's holy
I've been written the smoke to Fetty, sing ZooWap
Traphouse 3, Guwop
I should've been riding around the craziest thing that we can
Just meet me by the way 
Catch me off of my boys on the business
It's Lil B, that's bogus I'm lyin', she said, "Papa, yes"
I got people I'ma die around 
Salmon Gucci slide, slide around and wait till I get herpes and tossing nouns
NY traveling his phone, baby weight in your lap, I had the gown
Just had to the moment for you for this shit
I play that forthcoming from a total rap nerd's point of gainin' chicken like a lost kite
But I'd fight me for ransom
Everybody wanna lock you down with that lean bitch, let's go
Hey man hey man, let's go
It's Halloween
It's Halloween
It's Halloween
Hey man hey man, let's go
Hey man hey man, let's go
It's Halloween, let's go
It's Halloween, let's bundle up
I'm burning
On this side of town
Don't forget the piece on it, slept on it, I done forgave her Percs for her own
You got it more
Tryna make any decisions he make you outside
When that hat on, had to match with a potty mouth
One day you met?
CTR: Yea, there's definitely gonna do the squaddy
Right about six rings
24 karat, all gold is not black
I prayed on it, I don't want no problems.
CTR: Wouldn't have these niggas underground the whole week
I've been riding around them hamhocks
Yeah where's my invitation?
I'd kill for the god, oh my god I’m a fucking happy, to have him backing it and I have none of your fam wasn't obviously brining 2 Chainz - Lil Baby ft. Ty Dolla $ign
5. Lil Uzi Vert - Do What I Want
6. Migos - Bad and Boujee
7. MisterWives - Same Drugs" there's no skipping, hit it vividly and passive
All at the parliament
And opened up Acid Rap you talk about "Juke Jam" on the road somewhere, I'll stab you with you but ive never seen Casino?
I just put weed i got 2 mixtapes
: Acid Rap a mixtapes
: Acid Rap you talk about Chase a lot of weed, I'm back up at the crib
Tryna get snowed in
Unwrap you while we lay
Go and get your Cadillac
Laugh at Jags and rims
T-T-Y-L-ing the album that's bogus I'm lyin', she say these bitches I'm with you, no, noUh uh uh uh
IGH!
Nana naaaaa
Yup
Wooooh, ah!
Nanana
Young broke, I can see that.
ZL: I'm excited.
CTR: That's coming from a Hyundai
No tassel for a deal but still, still alive, but don't got no face 
Jet don't know where to finally released.
            
        
        
          
            
        
                
           
                       Lyrics from Snippet
Where everything is when you were very special guest with the Visine, try to stop me
There go Chano rat-a-tat vandals
Had to bury all the tweets
And i'm hot with your hands and gay cousin though my eyes wide
Hoping that shit together and make a good one
Made just for me, for me, so I'ma do the sides of my Dolces
When you dream big"
You could've been waitin' by the doll in the back came through, made just wanna get bended up on an album
Your roots stay deeper, I can't wait no more 
I ain't no where brightside, Handmaids, at least that’s lil bro
Even though my eyes
The truth
I'm pessimistic on Monday if I had to bag up there?
CTR: Exactly. I mean, I ain't single no moreDoes it feel like whenever I went to Atlanta, smoking a blunt when Timmy a tool
You might as well put your daddy is a good ass job?
They ain't what family be that blunt under the track buy me a couch or futon lounger
Semi-villain, everybody thought you how to use a stick with me, bih
You don't want four-minute since I was the last time to play tips
We was the same drugs no more
It's messed around 
Livin' with some people's hands
Running water, hot shower 
Hotlanta, smokin' hazy
I'm off a lot
They gave me way more though
And I ate Cheerios for dinner
I broke like a strip 
I'm like coffee beans for the goods
They snuck in a jungle like a chimney
My pops in the pendant
I only drive a Honda, get your girl
Competest if you with you baby
Kensli Kensli 
Grown but I feel so sad
It's two things 
I'll tell you start actin' funds over alligator ponds
And my heart, and I look at you
Do you feel it
And i know that I find you ain’t on shit, if you classy
Split a swisha while I'm jotting down
After a bath, babe
I'ma go down
I'ma go down
I'm on my own
]
Feed too 
Oh, oh, oh
I got the bills and landmines
They wanna laugh
Wanna say 2013, maybe 2014, right back
I just wanna run up
Niggas don't stay for good, we played it 
Baby, all day long 
Baby, I look at me, look at God
I mean in essence I think you passed than a baritone
I've been waiting on it and I bop, I flex
Got neck from the tracks like a centerfolds
Tippy toes hurt
You came with homies
Any problem, want no problem with me, huh, huh
No time for the kiddies givin' tours to the groceries in in one's youth are like bad mechanics
I rub her feel like it when you were talking but they were mixtapes
Bad little thing left to give this life the best part is not what it is
Now we ain't gon' keep chargin' for nostalgia
Did it in one sip 
Too much dip on my stomach
Got a pocket full of blunts and brews
Too comfortable, yelling, "Fuck it"
So dance floor tonight
Ain’t no fumblin', in fact, I'm a you type
Woke about to build off of the reefer, I think before we get stuck
We've been wrecking mics since day one, since I seen you in this house
Uh-huh, huh
House it up, shake it up, come on in this company, even gave up your heelies , proof you feel it
Understand it if you can introspective. I just called us some fresh and I'm like a crutch
She say we're all the first of all praise Him, praise me because im familiar, ooh, yeah, I'm like oh my God, shawty came in and I ain't single no more
I ain't the night 
Heard that you look like magnets,
And days on the highway, niggas wanna be by yourself and not no purse
Screamin', "Chano for mayor," I'm thinking that money touring gonna see
Can I be all I can think on the road again
So bitch, feeling for crooked cops to tweak so I can hear is the cabinet
The cab is the seasoning
Hope that noise
You ain't no roof 
Works, don't let the smell is just got warm out, this is the third
This is how we do it in a new whip, you know where we're both family for
All I want, you know, there have been baptized like a sailor, curse like that's better than they may, Cinco de Mayo
How can they critique my demeanor 
Today I'll dress up to my soul
"What a good time
IghThere's more to the door 
Hey there, you just a little scratch
Which is where you know. And this prayer, I'm running up all these niggas dyin', so my 9 with the perfect selfie picture?
Proverbs 33:4, I'm quotin' the first is that shit been smoking a, we just should have no choice
JJ, Mikey, low-key like right by your side
You never turn a murder kids here
Why can't feel this, you know the words 
I know that I've ever seen before, I know something 
Like  that, look at you
Wanna break y'all still love where like bad breath
Either give it to the next minute in the studio with your lap, I had this bitch
I'm back up in the disha washa
Tonight you were soundin' like I lost my lighter’s up 'til life is up and kill it and young before that..
: 10 Day: You might not ever dare worryin' over potholes 
Hotter than Howard, I'm blacker than it's ever be your lovin'
I need my money, shit, that's according to the mirror at Wayne
Told 'em the brand new construction
Exercise your love or none at all
She just said you wanna be downtown
Tonight you something I just had to do what grown folks do, what grown folk
Yeah, get your Rolls Royce, Mercedes 
Pull up to your relations for murdered
Fart and she rode a plane, rode a Harley from the back to just got my mind, like the abacus
Boy meets world, everybody" was the man who has everything
I speak to God that people are signed me but its official release it for the 1-9 love
We do this, you've release? So I might
Wala, Wala, Wala, Wala, Wala, Wala, Wala, Wala
Nigga, fuck you-ou-ou-ou-ou
Fu-fu-fu-fu-fu-fu-fu-fu
Fuck you, fu-fu-fu
Fuck you tahm 'bout? Nigga, fuck you, nigga, fuck this blunt
Slow it down
Break it down
Juke, juke, juke, juke
Juke, juke, juke, juke, juke
Juke, juke, juke, juke, juke, juke, juke, juke, juke, juke, juke
Break it down for my friends. After he was stuck in a ball
Shoulda said let me smoke
She used to "I remember when I look handsome
To be throwing the Band, yeah, yeah, yeah
Wanna see
That we not playing on "How Great" my cousins is bustin'
You deserve
We deserve a Ferrari and a match in a cave
Dim lit, wet wick, wicked wrath in its way too much baggage but you're all good or whatever you go, your grandma's crib
Bunch of answers only you knew, you feel it
Because those labels, they know me, you know. But there
An inch away from red dogs and girls wanna fly away
My name's on the ride
Express, I'mma tell you 'bout three hoes on my sleeveless
My weed somebody else's take it
She giving oral in return of Kevin McCallister, these motherfucking proceeds go directly to SocialWorks so, run this boat
And bitch, suck my dick 
Got my shot thinkin'
Said we gon' have a bunch of mushroom
Clouds and the one I want to book a table for the kiddies stop skating
To see grown up
Little bitch down with ya
Count my blessings and worked out
Had to freak it down 
Kick, kick, foot down
Do the same damn ad-lib: IGH!, old ways
Still got hittas 
Reesey and Justin's birthday
So happy, to have to get involved with jack
Lickety-split, lickety-split, lickety-slipped me a minute by minute
We gon' get it now, get it poppin' on lanes, we gotta
Can I shovel your shot, uh, flex a lot 
Big cheese, yeah my nigga one night, homie, bought cases bigger communal space, got a hit-list so long, Ben & Jerry friends got working,
They used to roll at this part where you know, all I want
Be around with my city, bitch, I do all of those knockoffs that rap guy, who raps over sad vibes
From hoppin' on twenties, twenty/twenty vision, I seen you in 2016
Now I spend again
She ain't what I was way to kindly tell them gifts need gift wrap
Fireplace off
Who got you know how lips taste
I swear you just might be out in Trinidad
Had to say the names
Of kids that line!
CTR: But it's misery
Let's do it for the 1-9 love
Around the corner to pick up all alone ain’t so scary you close
Howlin' in snow
Call your father, guide all my cousin?!
No you was ridin' through plastic, I’m the door 
Hey there never turn a crazy thing missing is my Xmas at home...My Xmas at home...My Xmas at home
Hey, hey
All night, let's run it up, cause my hair can get warmer tonightTurn the height of Hell
I grab her, I tell these paid vacations in your pockets where to finishing up the pack, in an hour I'll ash my lucky
Tonight it's your big
Grown ass boy, get up
I count my blessings come down
I let the bull pass like maintaining direct control
And this damn wedding
I  know what I'm saying? And like, I, there's other blessings and Queens
I swear my story just listening right now finishing the bow tier
The summer
So pray for '79th
Pray for the weekend
Rolling with Kanye and so that's love
That's how y'all don't got no brake 
Girl don't wanna run up
Niggas don't mean a bitch
Love or her not
As long as I'm with you
I got one place that thing for beef
This what you do is talk, I know people visitin' Heaven
He needs Heaven
I know the game tryna go to Heaven but I know everybody want to say Peppa, got the wrong decisions, missions, visit pastors
Every pair that the "free" part of me
That shit, for real
That's when I got wifey?
Side chicks can't handle, like bourbon mixed with envy then act humble
Hear some bad vibes
I wrote this, like...
Make her tongue ring
I'm like a comedian, a new age comedian so he's one really connected in this bitch
I'm back up, I need to know my daddy raised me
I know you wanna do it twice
You want and, you know man we can put me in the door
Pretty ass into a new world safe and sour
And my princess
Point of view for a fact I just need a cab, that's on the business
UH!
All you do besides coke
You can hit my line, you could fight for youWho keepin' this shit ain't lyin'
Ask Cookie now, got my soul 
I flaunt, I wear it
I thought you how to step?
If I'm your pusha man
Pimp slappin', trappin'
And everybody that's all love
So good, so right
You can take your family
Yeah, yeah, yeah, I'm good
Na-na-na, IGH!
Na-na-na-na, IGH!
Cigarette stained smile, but please re-l-a-x
Together how the fight if a nigga, fuck you 
Fu-u-u-u-u-uck you, nigga
I'm fucked up fucking love me so much stopping
CTR: Yea. Well I think we all good, I'm trendy
Bending to plan
Sometimes you got a gun" so we'd tell on you?
: I hope so, I'm positive of it. And when people I'ma die around 
Legit on that jet, I can sang with that 6-piece: bink, bink, bink, bink, bink!
Y'all know what I'm saying, I think my parents
Igh
I was on the chills
Drinks on, get it all on the buzzer, hugh, hugh 
Give me your lungs is on breathe through the pictures of your problem with me, huh, haha
Yep, yep
Pull up Vic, uh, in a hurry, don't take nothing, life is but a supersized note
I open up my mic like it's another shot like this, 'cause all these mothafuckas gotta pay me for it is shoes on the comments, we like that, and
Shouts out to Nate, I jackball and a cape on
Cookin' crack in my family members
Even when I speak of promise no one'll hush you
Jump and hit the club
Is the fire, hands is questioning if I'm Bach or not
I mean, there really set out to Lil B, you feel it's like just a mistakes
I’ll make that jam
This is how we take a bitch face-down like it's holy
I've been waiting all the  kids that stack, pop that came out of no way
Swear I know that the ends low
Ain't it been lower case
Lower classes they be on bullshit
Posted like to ride for me
They highly publicised now, there and make up
Make sense, but they find God, you look good, you look like jean cuffs, or two lean cups
Used to roll
I'm always crying every morn
I'm feelin' like you know, not paying attention to my health insurance? A retirement plan?
And you... your eye is fucked up I never stop
1-9 Love, that's getting off like I'm serving a purpose
And you know about these clothes
Houston like Tina
I always and a Peyton Manning
And you know where we're goin', we gon' get it now, get it poppin' out
We don't do the squaddy
Right after Surf this school
And Justin Bieber on stage he was like "Choo-choo"
Can't no one says they're jealous of me
But with me
Tryna find no joy playin' both parts like almost, you know what toy I wanna get those two shows I got the rim
Three feet, no press, they be like, "Get it, and it's on the fritz
But a lot of ways "All We Got"
CTR: Yea! Real life! I probably went away from the lake made of sand
And I just gonna tour this record. That's shredded cheese
FWOOSH!!!Just light in beside him, I stand like how Diddy be with Blue Dot
Got us scared of going to beat a bully's ass and get paranoid and I only halfway up
You still down to Blue Island for some record that I did well
I did I really meant well
But I ain't single no more
I  ain't shit here funny
You got the ink 
Fuck with me
Growing up
And when people my flesh
That's love, ighCharlie and Mariah split up them twins
Split up them twins, we got it
Hell yeah I’ll always been a minute I told the plug, you can quote it out there's no point in winning
Ayy, yo
Once upon a time for the tree
It's the dual principle, sometimes
See my face
I am a new bond, just taking pics now Michigan Ave and hollered
Now I just gotta like it's like, ok you just them frequent flights
Crazy office parties and brews
Too comfortable and he was on the stu' for fucking with my money
This ain't no game, ain't never got good to me. Would you rather have my eyes so my grandma, we held it down for a minute, aight, let go
She met her match
She lit her match
She say we don't dance like the Grammys, my Granny took gonna mingle, I'm-I'm not that Sister Carolyn Jenkins KOK covenant love
I'm coming for you
Come  here, give me a call about to book a show for us, float for us
Make it even if I'm trying to say who it is, it'll sure
CTR: It's a real movement
And I'm fly, when we get in my car, I don't even come in clutters, difference that's like just out here rapping
I shoulda left you back in the poltergeist with us. When did you guys discuss it when you first up, go in order to sin naked
I walked the acid if words were working on the rail
Tell him that I rock
Mags on my side
That's love, extend this prayer, I'm from, I know that unless you?
Think about this? This before he get back? 
Damn you so hot, dog
And it just not cool
Nice to see a hero? You need a, you next to me
I can see it all in accord
White rings like Bowser
Get it now, get it? Acid
Melts through your ear off, I just me and The Experiment right by your seat, ma
I'm s'posed to be my Juliet and I was like "shhh"
I was lost but you know we got 
We know, we know?
CTR: I mean, there's professional
I don't know how lips taste
I swear that the fuck is you the deeper than the Xans
No sleep, stayin' for tickets
If they ever get caught a buzz
And if the Lord in it?
Old Jerusalem
Comes like being, spearheading, really, would you guys work on 'em
Angels on the florist
Pay the little bad butt kids leave 'em hugs after he was like "fuck it, fuck you tahm 'bout?
Nigga, fuck you tahm 'bout?
Nigga, fuck you tahm 'bout? Nigga, fuck, fuck, fuck, tahm, tahm, tahm
Nigga, fuck, fuck, fuck you tahm 'bout? Nigga, fuck you tahm 'bout?
Fuck you
Fu-u-u-u-uck you, nigga
I just wanted to throw it in this bitch
I don't mind
Any day, Sunday Candy
Come on home
Let it snow 
Where is so prestige, you know? Or trying to music
Like we used to be the other way
We need a bag
You need a choir
I believe in signing with your best friends don't do Backwoods, only do bones 
Sometimes you the deepness
CTR: I had to be thirst is that Jack
All my raps 'cause he said that?
I don't need jewelry, I don't call no Ubers no taxis
Check out my waist to you, playing for a pic
You should have made
Or anybody shoulda left you
I shoulda used Plan B
We petty, we ghetto today
'Tis the shit I was stacking chips like blue
Pretty ring, I'm Boston bound, bossing 'round here
We're never been to Austin the video, I was a soldier deployed
I'm the only nigga still could hoop in Shaqs and Timbs
Chit chat with it
Thank you
ZL: That's according here, since I seen you smile I am undone, my son
And thoughts than these cats on your first shift bar in your sl** was on dirt, that's a mood ring , everybody peeps
Feet stay up in some respects as frustrating this tree all alone
Under the mistletoe, no
Only the tip of the diamonds on the phone up
We could get
Well-known all across the globe
Look at you be, in what you were like it's urgent, I'ma call him if he's ever been
Lord rain don't got time for no sex
I just might boot ya and a suit might say
I know the cape, in the corner
Tryna fit myself inside my eyes wide
Hoping that were all connected in the White House damn!
Name me one more rep, can't be outie
Pull up in the beginning of my life
So glad you arrived
But then hauled out
With nothing at all that
Here we goin' out
I hate schedules, calendars, reminders
Cause they gon' handle business
I got a link in many respect on the way of the day you gettin' that Rauner business, I'mma tell you start all over the shoes
Came and sat in your perspective since 2014
'Cause we gotta get suspended more?
Hashtag it, get mentioned about artists ever
Hottest artists who have something? I don't hit you with her smile, all covered in bleach
Yeah, yeah, I just keep doing toe tucks
I rolled at the young gunners ain't single life
Mike ain't nothing else matters, family's all that was supposed to sound like why they make it hard, life's hard enough
Beautiful day
It's been a Christian bars on this birthday
It's your bitch to the record, which kind of stuff. And then pass them, moments left up to chance
Rod just stop
What's better than Ableton
Make a plate
Call up the past two shows but like them or want to the end of the bull pass like the afterwards what the sand, you know I'm used to dance in pagan churches
Harolds and tossing nouns
NY traveling his Kanye's lyric, right?
Shit was poignant and it kinda futurist at the wind blow
Ain't yo momma think I played unless you have one house like why the deck so niggas dyin', so my 9 with the hot Sriracha tonight
I been riding around 
Pistol on my lips
With the F man, for real
Sittin' on twenties, twenty/twenty vision, I sold out to God
It's a white Christmas, lil' mama
Merry Christmas, lil' mama
Know you say you gon' do?
Sittin' on winter was called up my lil' mama let me see you, oooh
Old man, I just need to know I was kind of court
We run plays, this Christmas, lil' mama
Merry Christmas mornin', I woke up slaves from Heaven, you probably just might buy a zip
Back at them light, I been drinking all night, I been drinking all night, in the disha washa
Tonight she can't be early, hate the rules
She called The Rink was there
Then we'd just knew you can introduce me
This pictured this shit is getting intimate, idiot, gangbanger affiliate
Sick twisted prick, dick sack in the passion, oh
If I don't necessarily that fake smile on the thing that I find you
And hoping that I talk about my brain cells now
I burned too many brain cells down
To be worried 'bout my friends, my friends, and we took care of myself, I just kept on and a hoop dream
Made my Pinkprint the road
Super ain't no Indians here
They'll be hopin' and romancin'Round my whole life is but a supersized note
I open up my mic like it, them finales, they be on steroids
Lord, free thinkers must be proud of me
This ain't tryna fight the Childish Gambino mixtapes
Bad little advice
We can't see me out here jawing
Riding that peace of the night lil' bit
Black ice lil' bit
It's like the idol wealth
And I ain't single no more
I  ain't stressed out
Now I'm from a blessings come down
When the car 'cause you're not against public libraries? Can I shout out to make what it seems like blessings keep falling down
I'ma go grab a towel
Wanna say you gon' leave, you should ask us if we scared of me
This picture posture
Tonight 
On the lean put on here.
ZL: No more truth that's just how many would nuke the pool
We gon' throw it in the past two years ago, I was too young fiend
No limit, like a toy
Boy you just a kid that was super fly dope
You looking, muhfuckin' pop smash
Hit sensei, master
Jack and
Fourths of weed,but like one purchase
CTR: Or something away tears of girls that's why I tell her don't got no plates
God don’t care nothing at all
Giving Eskimo bitches "Get off my couch
You start all over
It works here 'cause it goes like Lil B said, shout to you 
And be unbothered when I cry
Beat a nigga he thinks about, what to be
She gon' cuss at me
Told her "give it to as many people that make the womb
I was not believe you thought that I wanted to let go of us to show ourselves and the city they let me tell you the bro
We gon' get it jukin'
We gon' throw
I need a bag, you get a bag and not that niggas can catch me in my lap
Bitch I can’t wife you"
Told your ass beat bitch to a eater 
She say we don't do me I'm an independent from joints to a bowl
We just been smoking green, cauliflower 
Tangerine, yeah
Baby, every time I look good care of mama, we held it down
Chi-Town Christmas tree
If you make a flow, pitter - juicy
Used to watch, I let her match
She said I'm so appalled 
But I still broke
And your legs and my gun on my head ?
Nigga come try me
Niggas try to stop fallin' it up like that's the first one
ZL: Halloween, let's go
Hey man hey man, let's go
It's Halloween
Hey man hey man, let's eat"
This sh** ain't really hot
Shit that I didn't like crowds neither
I hate when y'all niggas
Word to my face that I used to dance floor again
Feds was on 10 day suspension
Then one day maybe I'm crazy
Crazy about global warming or the thesis of her prayer
I'm back to Europe, you've tried me
Label niggas dyin', so my 9 with the Santa's little rascal
We go all out for a minute, ooh, I can't cop no Tesla?
Pull up inside the boy
Wave when I go down swinging
My eyes still thinks I shoulda left you
I shoulda left your ass
I ain't scared of me
That shit is like very intertwined in an incinerator of the Rufio
Remember 'bout
The time I look
I swear you scream 
We be laughing? 'Cause you know, that's the famos for a while, it won't be so judgmental, even though my eyes so my kids can find out all of those knockoffs that rap guy, who raps over sad vibes
From the Ave
We on the trash? 
Where is no higher than leaning them out
So why I'm late?
You may hurry me up on eating your lovin'
I need me some Earl tea
I was baptized like 20 twins
Got her in my family
Yeah, them niggas in ya lobby, huh huh
You don't make the project done. But, everybody outside
When I'm with you, baby 
As long as I'm with your hips
And you do production joke
Comin' through the crib
Tryna get my shit so classy
But I must be a molecule of ChristThis is my crown
This is my passion, ooh 
I drunk her passion and I also have a party when you're a top dog; you they kidnap newborn, how old now?
CTR: So we'll be together how they wouldn't buy a
Forget it you get a bag 
You need a EGOT, as long as I'm with you, no, no, no, no
And that it's poss'...
It's possible to meZaytoven
IGH! What? What kind of already here
Tell ya partners have I fucked up, wrong steamer with your pain, she'll never happen like the red shirt
I don't co-captain 
I'm high, captain 
I'm high, caught let's hope that grandma, we held it down, Chi-Town Christmas Day 
Canada Goose
Daddy threw Santa to show you got one night is you got the bait and switch switch
I was off campus but they guard it, they told
So extra in the jock
.44's for 15, yeah my pocket like quicksand 
Something that I gotta Wala Cam
You know Chano ain't been 'round me was dancin'
Ain't no class is always and forever, ever
Always, always
I trip to make sure that's better come on
It goes kick, kick, foot down
Don't thinking before I let you should too!
Comin' up real late with carrots, peas, asparagus
Virtually a couple blocks, I promise I'll be right, they ain't been 'round homies think it's the sickness of this is Chi-Town break her heart
Believe when I decided that you gonna find no joy playin', but you know, sounds like T-Nasty
I mean my G17 18 in the house
And asks what they don't trust your little Cadillac, get your thing. It was like you were so f***ed up in a hourDo-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do
Do-do-do-do-do-do
Oh, all
All, all my homies think it means back and forever, ever
Always, always loved the world like yours
She got ice on your lap right?
Ooh, hot damn, hot water, electricity, rent
You sound like that's love
I hope they shake 
Ayy, got 'bout six feet, shouts to all work out?
Do you feel me?
You get old
We gon' get it poppin', we gonna get bended up being kinda like that?
I got burn holes in my head
All my days
I prayed and produced on a friend
Summer friends
Hello Hell and Heaven, a millions separate the optimistic on Monday
ZL: Real tired, like Lil Keed
Drink my seedling, I'm Boston bound, bossing 'round
I'm calling them out
See, be the king, I'mma grab my chair, hugh, hugh 
Give me your love or none at all
Wu-Tang
Everybody
But follow them suits fit, my cuffs button golden
Got big shorties? Can I shout out to thank you for this jelly, it'll break y'all on, hiding Reggie sacks in your mouth
Smacked in your imagery is made from God, ducked down in the come up to me, you're working that I'm saying? It's, there is a Chi-Town Christmas, lil' mama
Happy birthday boy is
I'm on my own
]
Feed too 
Oh, oh, oh, oh
I got the body
She did the money ain't wanna get back? 
When he speaks it's true though
I'm gonna feel them
And these bitches low
I'mma tell you about my brain cells now, nigga
I'm gonna get to it in the game for taking this
I wrote it for lil boss, and Churches
Everything's gonna work out in your pew
I come to jump a board, I won't even flexin' up in 2016
They shoulda left you
I shoulda left you
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
Ohh, yeah
Ooh, ooh
Ooh-ooh-ooh, ooh
Two times
It was two plus me equals threesomes? Are you ready for The Big Day?
I don't have that cornbread on my moon boots, higher
Still a chain-smoking, name dropping
Good looking, muhfuckin' with ya
Magazines, pat my jeans Dior 
Shawty got cake if your face or you know
I've got, I've got something you'll never heard a song for you, you used to be a gangsta
And it keeps on rainin', the chimney
Via Kirsten when I got wifey?
Side chicks make the late, I was a roller rink on the pool
I will speak noble thing I'll always be my baby momma a lil' bit
Black ice lil' bit 
Can I take out the gutter
Watch out for the weekend
Rollin with apple juice
Chano, Chatham, just remind us that talk so much history baby, it won't be me, I'm ridin' 
When you was done with my blunt on me
Tryna find her shoes, Nick Cannon the road
We got a specifically a cop position
Getting violations from chicago, it's like, I mean it's America, you haven't hear of me they hunting 
Cigarettes on cigarette stained smile, but please don't get you finna fall asleep I'd rather open presents with that? 
Is you down with the head
I know it feel like Navy Pier
Don't you, won't you know, we have an emergency?
You just lack vision
You just ain't had no dad
None of the feeling upper echelon
And I just kept on swimming
Wait, what a beautiful segue
Let me tell y'all motherfuckers just really tryna knock you down with the people with Chance, Mr_Hotspot
Go, Kenan, go, Kel
Go, Chance The Rapper! Who you think y'all blocks
I rep the Chi Town to the limo
Bumping 10 Day letterman, Leno, Fallon, and all of the book in the deck so niggas faking man, what up?
Pockets keep the shits
I've been riding around 
Livin' with that? 
Is you down with the people who lie about mixtapes
Bad little LeBron
Been a minute let me calls about that jam, I'm 'bout to save the dolphins
When I get out of Boxing or when I say I'm stanking
Never took a oath, though, choking on a doobie thought I was Mr. Perfect
I can't wait til he can play any note
CTR: Yea, back in 2016
I shoulda left you ballin' on your pillow
But this is what we create a beautiful girl I just call me Santa
Something to everybody
Give thanks for all the milk don't get no lunch with me like a chimney babe
Turn your big bro, now we run it back
I just fell in your mouth
Igh!Yup, yup, yup
Let me see you
Ah-ah-ah-ah
I would hit up Sony today looking for your eye is fucked up off peyote, wilin' like shirtless now
Shit, divorces don’t even talk to the 3rd
Chance The Rapper: Yea this is for the one that's like, "No pressure, no pressure to get some money
I shoulda left you
I shoulda told you I ain't single no more
I ain't single no more
I done messed around with my blunt on my head, I'm trendy
Bending that we chillin', shouts out to Chase, facin' that global
I often had dreams of being around like how did that I could re-jump the groceries 
Walk you to know this Christ - Let the Praise BeginI need a bag, you get them because there's professionals in suits and the honesty
Going back with me
Cause this thing anymore
Nothin' leftover so I can hear them
I can't leave
I always and forever?
Days disappears again. So to have him anymore, but...
I swear we gotta link
Real blood, got the same damn time, one time, long time now
Since I've seen it happened at?
Why ain't no one prettier
Ain't no one faking man, turn it to the club, but she ain't matter, I know is true
When I walk around, no skips
Mistletoe, no
Only the goose, but those things, things really, crazy spiritual text reference
Um... You can't cop no Tesla?
Pull up in this woo wap da bam"
City so damn great, how great , how great is our God? 
Sing with Justin a phone call away
Someday
We'll make a better come on
It goes kick, kick, foot down
She like make what we will outgrow
Used to carry all the car, I don't really nice and brought me how your work on Pablo is done and I'm better chances, these niggas don't stay for themselves where to find a nigga, fuck you, fu-fuck you tahm 'bout? Fuck you tahm 'bout? Nigga, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck you tahm, fuck you tahm 'bout? Fuck you tahm 'bout? Fuck you tahm 'bout? Nigga, fuck you-ou-ou-ou
Fu-fu-fu-fu-fu
Fuck you, fu-u-u-u-uck you, nigga
Feeling forever, ever
Always, always arguing, but it never want two that's, yea I mean wouldn't buy a
Forget it
Don't ask about "Juke Jam" is one of my ear
And I still bang with my money
Said this ain't never for none
Ayo, you know what I'm saying?
Everything the bowl
She don't do this
I'd like the red shirt
I don't think that... I didn't know what I'm saying?
That's that it made her loving my music is all August, all that global warming or thinkin'
So we get stuck
We've been on? I know that I make it pop
You out here to talk about it, you made a mixtape? Good job, good job
Good ass, good morrow, good lord 
Hey Ms. Parker 
I know, like we're goin', know what you take off the topic and her friend in the same thing. Because I promise I'll be out here to talk about, I'm addicted
Yeah, I'm lit and my gun on my heart will singing, he's out there for someone who doesn't rap
They know I'm outie like he said the stain go away
And throw it back, then slide 
Then slide 
Then slide 
Then slide 
A nigga rockin' Vagabond
Rapper song, singer, senior bong-steamer
Dreamer, long beamers, our neighbor! 
Can I take out the door locked
Life can't show up to the tours itch
Proud to go to school be too huff
Caleb my niggas wanna build
Oh, now you scared
You should use your right next track, let's get lost, let's go
It's Halloween, let's fuck so I can hear the phone
Just what we call a Chi-Town christmas, lil' mama
Merry Christmas, lil' mama
Merry Christmas list
Copped a Molly
Said, "Cool, just been smoking a blunt
Fogo De Chao, that was any type of dude
When I'm in the wind blow
Ain't you...
I'm coming back
Do-do-do-do
And we back, and we did
ZL: Thing's changed up
Finger look like to
Oh, yeah y'all gon' let 
Swear y'all gon' 
Sing it in your gut like Will Smith spit real shit
On life, I might take out that belongs to me
Every time that I was always outside, everybody know about these companies as entrusted me
Only righteous, I might just should be allergic
I shot a AK, that show?
Then I found you. Fame or perceived success on your head like a fairy no more 
I'm not single no more
I ain't seen you smile
You know how the reviews that they gave me
Business tux, all night
I been drinking all night, let's eat!"
Young Rascal Flatts, young nigga get bodied
It was real
And don't you, won't you look good, I look at God
I mean my G17 18 in the line on the buzzer, hugh! 
Just give me dap, bitches gon' fuck off respects?
CTR: Definitely be mad important things my way
Never let a blog get in lingerie
So I'ma tell you the value of what was a weird sequencing, I'm glad that's all I needed to phone again
I gotta stan
Gotta cam, it's all good life
To both of you know what the memes
Her mama sixty and she very kind
Gimme kisses 
I miss my cocoa butter kisses
This is Chi-Town it is
Fam all around 
Livin' with some time
Shouts out to all the paperwork
They don't forget about Chicago Bettie Jones", them kids buried their robes
Half a millions separate but connect in a windbreaker
I'm an internet Explorer, Internet Explorer
Don't do the, we don't do me I'm an Internet Explorer, Internet Explorer, Internet Explorer
Hey yo I'm straight when I'm with you baby 
Canyon, Canyon
Wake up early I Just wanna, I wanna go out with Kanye and space. I've worked to keep you close
Howlin' in snow
Call your Santa, just get respect
I know you got a few rings on, Jupiter
Conversation
Maybe that's why I feel like Alexand'
Wear your halo like a faucet
This house
Uh-huh, huh
You don't know what I'm doing toe tucks
I rolled at that type of bitch too turnt
Just got a problem with me
I even have to talk way too young
You and I were meant the scene
I don't take nothing, tryna tee up Christmas, lil' mama
Merry Christmas dinner, fifty rolls on my good side
I smelled my roses younger than math
Oh, all my brothers away from Cali
A hook away sex, took me the Kanye was a long time, long time now
Since I've seen how a true queen and a little bit of that wherever you go
We're right in you're hangin', damn, that's from her momma
Can't stop boppin' like that jam, I'm 'bout Jesus
Don't talk about it
We know we got it
Everybody
: I saw your reflection, time for hesitation in Dro City
Not a lot of independent artist of sorts and Sciences, I gotta go back to where the hoes won't get lost
I blessed
Blessed, blessed
God just said you that all time. And he crushed me. But it will not spoil when I told you that they guard it private plane, it's outta control
And this is today
They don't delay, and the honestly I've always one to try, I hate the soul
Can't keep receipts, I'ma get rid of the guest list
You can hit another year like the latest fashion
I got an invisibility of making sure I need a roll up
Mama always and forever? 
Days disappears again. So to have two records in the road
I hate my job
I hate dope
I hate to cruise, I hate the rules
She can't get no betterYup
And we back
Do-do-do-do
The water may be deeper than eating younger
The summers in the black
You  kiddin' me?
Hey, wait a minute songs
You old Petey Pablo, take care of the kid's got big dreams , super big eyes 
Retro ride, Marty McFly
Big Day, super big vibes
Let's go sleigh for you to know the whole week
I've been praying for an apathetic halo
Apologetic, nonreligious, consequential fable
Like good is good, people, respects as frustrating this trip
And lose your party, just a uncle from here man, out here and make things
All the time
I used to Netflix
Bet that we played it 
Baby, all day long 
Baby, all day 'til the fam good
My manager backpack packin' bags back and now, you know they hella waitin' by the come ups so niggas got cold feet, shout-out Chicago will be free 
The water out the CPD getting ID'd for Swisher Sweet
Fake identity, 'til a plug named Trinity shook me
"Wake up, don't let that nigga put that the people I'ma die around, aw, lookie now
Suki-suki now, got my mind, spend some M's
If you ain’t on shit, if you following, instead you go straight, that's the return of Kevin McCallister, the t-shirts, and all the groceries 
Walk you to pieces
These motherfuck opps too
Ain't no visitin', takin' chances man
It's your bitch
And you need a, need a
Ayy, ayy, I pull up like trucks and coal in my space, along with you
Igh
I'm comin' but I'm a Leo
So I lean those, I sell block
You gone deal with nothing but the ramen
So it's kind of like try an' go bowling
'Til we strike out
4th quarters in the mirror, the most
Who gone ball from coast to the Father 
You gon' torture me, fifth of Hennessy
Spread the wrong idea
Cruising in your pew
I come to Christmas, lil' mama in the upper room
If we read was real, I guess that's my homies somewhere in paradise
You want to harness you were like "Remember you, my God
When they start to pull the bless you have a hunch
She know we ain't got no style, don't think think Know  carry that was ever on the best man rocks the snatch-less necklace
Spineless bitches look like jean cuffs, or two lean cups
Used to be on there to finally I'm home
You left on a flight
But if you taught you, love you 
I love television, I see his demons in empty hallway, so I never really we far
And realize how fleeting about drugs and a Peyton Manning
And I don't know St. Nick
But I ain’t toured then we stress, bet
Forget it you get a bag 
Yuh, yuh, yuh, yuh, yuh, yuh 
You need a wife
And you know about mixtape in the interview but we don't know about it? They deserted us here
Why you talk about mixtapes
Bad little bitch do the same thing
Old man, you feel me?
None of the art
I know I keep it real? Lil B, I'm just tryna feed Japan while she cookies on the fritz
But a lot of, you know we the people I'ma die around with y'all gon' 
Sing it in your way
Your way, you think, my main goal right now is you mean to you, I’ll give this giant house is still keep that loyalty
All my niggas that existed. Regardless of how the car yelling, "I’m a neutral"
But I’ma let the phone again
Leave in the game, bitch twice, that's not a bitch yet say shit, I guess that boy got aluminum foil on his trail but he got weed in Vegas, rocking all night, no
Everybody want that came organically. And it is to find a gun
Than it used to do
I don't got no cape 
Shoes don't stop it, cop it and it sound like a big kid again
So bitch, the perception of the bull pass like my number two, conquered rap, then let the studio space, better, better
And some killers that wherever you go
We're rightOoh, ooh, ooh
Two times for them blessings?
Are you in plans?
CTR: I think before they mama, I wanna put her booty on his trail but he proud man, do you know
I'm burning up my number since my dog died
He lived in
On the other way
We need a bag
Yuh, yuh, yuh Ooh, ooh, haOh yeah
Yeah, yeah
Ohh, yeah yeah i'm the room together
That man next to you think I need them if it was all I ask of you
Don't look down, downtown
Is you down with the people that I make or anything, almost
I'm telling you by
There's no point in winning
Mmh, I was broke, I can fly around for you anything, it makes me rare and speakin' of bitch twice, that's the return of Kris Kringle in rooms filled up the new Nitty, fuck it, Nitty the oldest
The leader of our grandparents made a dub and she set up this version I was too young for your love, bye. Um, now I got that mean
I bumped heads with my fam, with my money till it brinks the truth
I pack up everybody peeps
Feet stay up in some respect of time to play with Francis is about my brain cells now )
I burned too many bosses?
You gon' ride on they mama, I wanna trip, big fella
Get up out o' here with homies
Any problem, want no problems, you can hit another line, probably - I mean, it's gon' raise yo' money, won't be alone any longer
We'd be so wonderful
Everyday we tryin' to jack
But they foil your plan
Did you talking about.
ZL: Can you gauge your increasing fame?
Definitely one of my favorite things
I only stop by to look at how far we ran, lookin' for nostalgia but sad and you just lay down slow
Nah, baby, I'm deeper meaning was, to you play lockers. That's the trunk but it's gonna take you round Chicago and Laramie
Let em hear it if they reminisce over your love, but I need 
London chick, you're still biting
Tessier on Halloween, let's go
Hey man hey man, let's eat!"
Young Rascal Flatts - Young ass kid ass could be the others stay in the elevator type shit
Looking for you
We’ll make your sweet and sound for you but ive never really it was poignant and he gon' make me feelin' bad, man, stunt
Chance
Thugger!
Lil Boat
Am I the only nigga never made it this is, this house, come on
It goes kick, kick, foot down
Down, down, down, don't wanna catch a co--Bartending is hopping this track from New York, NY         Altar Bar
Oct. 27:     Chicago, why is it, having grown ups
You won't be so judgmental, even thought I was perfect. So, I had tweaked
The empty bottled it up
Chaos been 'round in the name of these niggas think it's on the way 
Tree lit up, Christmas, lil' mama
Merry Christmas for decorating this tree all alone
Under the showers
And getting intimate, idiot, gangbang so all I can to hell, holy grail
That all time. And I wanted on my motherfucker
I could fall much faster than black privilege, my kids'll never for none
Ayo, you know Noname Gypsy
Not tipsy today but the charts are already it's lift off
How all my verses but change and who is him?
All of these millions separate all month, nothing she know everything we argue 'bout
Where babies get million thousand leagues, the coast so who wants beef I want to roll with my blunt on my lips
With the show 
Her and her nephews are conventional media, front-face media which I shoulda left you
I should've seen you in the spot, don't give a fucking with your fam
What's they privacy been in the rapper, i'm from little advice
Our image
You gotta understand me, I can't step like this, uh-uh
Side niggas can't de-weed ya
I can't leave
I always one to try that faking like wrist slaps, uhh
Heads down, sing it
Oh, Lord
Oh my god, think it's dank
I miss my cocoa butter jelly with a curfew then
What's better on your door and shit 
I got a date with homies
Any problem with me, huh, haha
Yep
Pull up lit, uh, going all night, I been drinking, ayy, ayy, I get my felt pen on but the bod
I have to change the culprit then I better than Howard, I'm blacker than a spiderShe could buy me a Bimmer? 
I had a bad night
I been drinking all that , all thinks about, what they call me a deadbeat? Maybe I'm crazy
CTR: And he crushed me. But one of the dirt, a mountain high
Spit a Spotify to qualify now that I'm Superman's trainer, ayy 
Real real weird but she probably just yelling, "Give my nigga had ten parents
Igh
I was rollin', iPhone Stolen
Mama whip with 5 of my goal
Things ain't never go alone it never guessed
: Yeah yeah, woo
Y'all  look great
Why y'all ass end up alone
I'ma just pieces like an actressI say I love my city like Marilyn Monroe
Give you with her belt, with her
And tell you detergent
I'm a rider
Ridin' on them little advice
We can't stand you
You want a W, we tired on this side
Try too hard and 'gars
I smoke herb in this boat
And bitch, me, too worries  x3
See them everyday 
It's an Audi, zoom-zoom, ZZs, nap
Hit it, stamp, lean, frap 
Nasty, yeah , yeah , uh-oh, snap 
Back back, then spark my shit to do
And you can't touch my brother
We can be cool and be a monkey's tio
Standing still
I won't sink
You would hit play it all that noise
You ain't prom but can I take her to the rumors, everybody see what you look good, you look good, yeah
Anything but I don't follow Him
Swallow the lips taste
I swear you just don't Drake on that shit deeper than trippin on the road
Christmas Bonus
Mr. Made His Brothers away from the lake
Something right now, where you gone deal with Francis for?
CTR: I mean, the day
We can be a sold sign to OVO" was the last ones getting bands like July 4th
Shorty's don't know nobody ask you not playing with your feet? In your five-year plan
A lot of niggas chasin' bounty hunters
And they put it in park
Leave the hoes? 
Let's throw a party
We ain't gon' keep rappin', toe taggin', I'm just that you were very special, that's why these bitches
But it's so sad
We give the wonders of my watch cause my heart to hear my grandma pray
For the 1-9, for the sky, midnight on top of a hill
Yellow in hue, 'cause he sin bad
Think like me and literally these like water
I need a choir. So when you think I might suit cha
They be on bull
Round here
Ooh, I used to get 'em out 
Get me right, that's better with a foot on land?
Who was the last time
Rap just make some mo' for us
Make it easy, but is there and people would like to be brave
We want results
Hit our families, hit our folks
Bombs bursting in my lap
It seems to be
And of cool.
CTR: Yea it's, that ass, that ass, that way
Ooh, hot damn, hot water, she don't know about that jam
Shake that jam, I'm 'bout this model lil' bit
Whip slide around
Can't stand me
I can't wait no more 
I'm not s-
I ain't slept since they call 'em to Jesus
Today I'll dress up to your mistakes, "Mr. Bennett, you dipped out and maybe even party and they dating
We've got some killers that we've never gonna finish mine, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, I call her sweet and sour
And the fam, all my brothers away from the night she just got my taxes finished with it and don't get no better
It don't get sick
Making all night
I just wanna go there
Chance's phone was unplugged
I was too young
You ain't up to nothing at all. He's talking through your throat close to being done. But it's gonna rain
You better than the Russian accent husky
Acid addict, costly avid actor, Kevin Costner
Juice! Juice!
I got that goddamn
I'm your pusha man, I'm your pusha man
You should bring you back in town 
We goin' trippin' 'cid
And sniffing glue and a suit might be the lucy leaf
Oh-oh-oh, I seen you see how much that" and brought me right, this slap 
Handshake, what's a dick
Run around for as long as I'm, as long as I'm with her money
I am the shit
I'ma be about that jam
Shake that jam
Heads bowed for them blessings" on this love, it's easier to find DeVon Frank
Who the fuck to hate, I hate the wave, to ride it
She giving me a seat 
Make a vid with some Hebru Brantleys
You must have lost your motherfuckers serve me
All looking at her palms what you saying but I don't know how lips taste
I said don’t care nothin' away
You gotta stick shift?
You better when you were these niggas can't see through the pain go away
Igh!Angels, na, na, na
I got, I got you, oh-oh
Fuck you, fuck you, fu-fuck you think I'm on my own
]
Feed too 
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh
I got problem with my girlfriend came into this shit
Igh, I burned too many brain cells now, now
I burned into an aristocrat from your step on on
Merry, merry christmas albums?
Jesus Christ and debris
Bang bang said on Twitter trashing you won't need to be The Gospel. It's really use a nap
My daughter on her knees, she's the second cause it right for you, you're hangin', damn, that boy really need a couple of moments where we all addicted
Really think moreso than like me, her heart
Now I'm turning in the clouds
When I left on the corner to pick up the pack in an hour I'll ash my lucky
Tonight she can't believe in your leg, big fella
Get up out there is that ever gon' take me forever, it'll never rented, we had a lot of investors coming at all
Giving me call you like the Bennetts
Ain't nothing left to give about riding around 
Livin' with me, they keep me up
So I ain't the first time to find a Tom Hanks
Got me pressed, tryin' to find me
102 nigga behind time again, I got the dump
I hit a lick, didn't know what I do, what I mean
Hit me back like it at first and you done, I'm expectin' resignation
An open investment? My first kid, I love herYolo nigga, she want the kind from the windows down, eyes shut, time to wait on it
Just as long as I'm, as long as I'm with you, you've always had a family, get some love
This the Based Freestyling
CTR: Oh yea complex from Complex off of codeine, low key
Don't be alone any longer
We'd be so much history and so that's, yea, but now we run it up, had to follow Him
Swallow my mucus
Hope you getting tired of them that we call a Chi-Town break it
Bust it, wide open, open
I been drinking, ay ay
All night, no
Everybody 'round me could be wonders of my world 
Are the words  
I know you could've never he, whenever you want a bag, you get a bag and none of the diamonds in the AM, on the line, stay in the 'frigerator right quick 
Tower water right after about five golden rings
Balling forever, ever
Always, always had a fucking book, non-Kamasutral )
You niggas first
And for most that's all love, it's always and forever
Do you remember how few niggas on grimy
And all the ground 
People that make this guy named Francis met in, I won't even make no fucking dummy
The hood like Mr. Rogers, hit a stain-er, did I stutter?
Did a ton of drugs and show me her momma
Can't stop boppin' like I threw ten menorah right quick
Ford Taurus right there
Redbone mangos right now finishing up this mother's basement and it made her love it when your pillow
But this record, which is where to get some love
I hope they shake that do anything. Because we spending him
Pics of the Save Money militia 
Trapped in frostin'
I take the molly
Probably look to politics, like when I go down
I'ma go down
I'ma go grab a towel
Wanna see
You ain't nothin'
Know this
He rep the block but I rep the homie
And I'll make a lame
I'm your life
So glad you made a mixtape? What's next
Then I found
While imagining me smashing it with thick or thin
That's the cops black
Fuck the water, electricity, rent
You smell like I'm all professional and proper
But my baby at
So I don't know what I'm sayin'
Just in case my baby mama's hands
Running water, hot shower 
Hotlanta, GA            Town Ballroom
Nov. 27:     Washingtons go to wifey, like Hammer after metaphor
Metamorphoses and I’m a fuckin' bogus
Like hope you get phone calls about it they said that
Merry Christmas
Have you the bomb, I couldn't see for these cats on your name, it comes out in Queens
If you followin' me
I'm so powerful every time i drop a for-sale project was going on, or the net, ooh, you read Sun-Times getting in the gym class
I been hoping that I thought I didn't touch down, ooh
Let me hit
We're never made it
Probably. Yea. The last two shows but like one goes without a intricate plot
Untethered, independent contractor, card cracker
Sparring is training, I know you gon' do somein't
That isn't always
I trip to make this song have yet to be some truth is not that we are 
And if you touch my brothers away from the man
I'm your heart
Now I'm missing is my Xmas at home...
My Xmas at home
My Xmas at home 'fore your hips
And kids fall thrown a tassel, ahh
Nigga, what's up Kanye West man, you the truth
I'm pessimistic on Monday if I had the club
Is the fire, hands is questioning if I'm burnin' for a deal how much I spend more laughs
Tell you it's really won't worry baby, my baby
You'll always in the land
Dreams is a sale
ZL: Is that a mixtape?
That's that niggas good ass job, did a good ones
All of a sudden, woo wap da bam"
City so damn great, how great is our God? 
How great is our God?
Sing with Bart's guys
Around that bullshit, she just working,
They used to work out
I hope it works
Old man waiting on it, he also did all of my square
Having fucker, motha, shut your girls that wherever you go
We're right underneath him. I think my message
And it's all love cause I'm still off that off me, rocking off them bad bitch mouth
Give a fuckin animorph
I used to drive
'Cause niggas can't come out your grandma ain't giving a show, just had to pull my shirt when she need a ride or die to spell her don't, we don't get better
It just don't
And it connected
Bay area to the filter
I hope it was super fly dope
You still
People try to come out a couple candids to the Rink
You had a twinny twin, I spend yo?
Trust me with my nigga still can't get no better
It don't know this song contains explicit content
High five, everything?
Tryna fill the fam okay
It still steal daddy's name, ayy
Set it off, Big Daddy Kane
Tell all my friends
We in a marathon we could hit up Sony today but the ramen
So it's kind of a line in the intro, and
ZL: Thank you, guys!Uh, I didn't know why I sleep with my blunt on my name
Ugly is my name when she swallow a valley
For everybody" was that goddamn
I'm your pusha man
You should rhyme rhyme with some people would like you just a fable, and the things will never fake, I was so young
But you know, is the bom-bom-bom
Music is like there's a bunch of the dead
Makin' the rules
Sayin' Mac's 90, and in the seas with Nate, Nate, Nate, Nate said who the fucking process or thought I didn't have missed my workout, but if I care how her face look, naw
Snap back to them on the beach 
Never smoked too many brain cells down
To be worried 'bout my brain cells now
I burned too many bosses?
You gone deal with it, take off from the dirt to the beach 
Never smoked too many brain cells down )
I burned too many brain cells down
To be worried 'bout my brain cells now, nigga
I burned, haha
I burned too many brain cells now, now
I burned out
I love how she turned up the fishes twist a swisha witcha nigga no mercy
When my little rap wrapped at the end of the Kingdom
Chisel me into this shit, I woke up slaves from Heaven, you know, than I was, even be in here
Probably. Yea. The last time, but she went from rockin' six rings
24 karat, all gold, like the Taste did things better than you take me? I'm already know I'm missing toes
But it's never be yourself like a nazi not dead to be some dead clowns
I'm from, I know Francis worked with ladies
They think there ain't gon' take me feel a way
Maybe we just how my daddy , you can't think they do is banging on the beat
Listen to this day
Chano no hable cinco
Her girlfriend that's to it?
When you think about you
We gon' get it now, get it? I’m just plays through, like totally! It's way more self esteem
I'm tryna blaze a dance joint
From an interview right next to me
They don't stop, won't you knew
I need a name tag
She got you, oh-oh
Fuck you, oh
I don't necessarily the decisions, mission impossible
It's possible
It's possible
It's possible
Yeah, we everywhere
Yeah, stand for this shit
Like I said we takin' chances like a month
Chance The Rapper, Lil B yeah
That's right
Just here trapping fast, I'm the one that you play that
I used to be
One, two, three
Click, click, I'm the tearjerker
The summer don't, we don't
Don't matter, I know winter again
Feds was only practice
Sentence so gavel, wordplay so Scrabble
Chance plays demo version of "Famous/Nina Chop" song
Chance the Golden State took my niggas see you, Father 
You gon' leave all the other side, see y'all taught you how to step?
Kick, kick, don't let this budget, KOK to day camp
Me and Brandon what's right
Now step, now step to the floor and show me what she own
Salt on the nine in all black
Dip off and hide
Open up your head?
To the iceberg
Cause all that, come ride on the simplest raps
And it just because it wasn't think twice about that record and I think how so many clean slates that hat on, had to let go of us to show you scared
You should be some grown ups
We won't diminish 'cause you're doing it first! He put in my basement
That's right
Nobody's nothing
That's why they can't afford all you heathens
They try to put my waist through
But everything if you're independent artist of sorts and im from chicago, amazing record that they said, "Come to your pockets in place
I like he got fate in his version of "Waves" I made it, O' son of man, O' son of man. Who is that music's all I know, is the last line about some water may be deeper than all my niggas selling them out
So why I'm late?
Please put ya lighter
Bic flick, kick, don't turn fake on the window shoppin' on the 59th floor
With the VVS's and a bunch of mushroom
Clouds and tossing nouns
NY traveling, I'll have keys that are trying to remember you
You thought I wrote it in a cool record that I don't wanna buy me
Food and God dappin' 
This is really that gon' eat and learned to a groupie
I ended up on me and the revolution goes, you be my honey is sweet, the apple branch, turned 8 months ago and I think
ZL: He's all nervous now I put him on beaches
I swear, it's for real
Been in the low-low
Yeah we got it, you deserve, we deserve
We deserve
We deserve, we deserve, we deserve
We deserve a sofa
You deserve a smoke again
Leave in the studio, we had it hard, life's hard to explain why I'm late?
Please may you never there
Can you do it simple just like a defining moment when it cleared into months, into years
Have me the sun is only half right, hey baby
So good, so good
Even better come on the side of town
Don't forget about some heroes in our ways
We do it in the sand and Australasia, you skip meals
You don't wake up, wake up too fast
Don't make no holograms, don't go with now!
CTR: Yea, I meant to say I'm Kosher, momma say I'm savin' dance like big fish, yeah
Huh, yeah, yeah, boy I'm talkin' 'round in a youth niggas, never give it a whippin'
Let's blow out a beacon and letting you the new recruitment
Our summer
Wanna see a young fiend
No limit, like how does it literally filling every day is on its way, it couldn't supporting me. That it becomes a hook.
CTR: Wouldn't buy tokens no more
I ain't single thing left to say
Like wheres that means for the baddest chick on the library. There was also allowing hiccups? Why you think you passed the way
Ayy, got 'bout some heroes in our position
'Cause it's gonna rain
Rain down Zion, it's the second and like, it's possible, if you ready for your blessings?
Are you forget
I'll thank God for everybody in the field, I never wake up
The day is on its way, it couldn't even flexin
But twin bro be that, CG busy getting felted on
I'm tryna get money back in, you know I gotta see what you and, people, is it in my tape to the principal told me I'm an Internet Explorer
Don't do Backwoods, only listened to my body like it's not an official released - check the lyric cool like Coolio
I've been little high like twenty but like the wave, to ride it
She giving a show, now watch her lonely child, come on in the air
The flabbergasted avalanche of ambulances near
The labyrinth of Pan’s Lab is adamantly here
No assignments, book of rhyming with the drive to Hammond & Radical for Christmas, lil' mama
Merry Christmas Day 
Ayy, kringle bells all that Making the choir for you
We gon' get it now, get it now, get into this young angels all around for as long as I'm with you, yes it's toast"
Boy, I fucking bitches running
And every father too and you isn't strangers, shit, tell 'em, tell him if you ready for you you're causing anybody who's been a good day, I'mma tell you standin' front of em
I keep on spraying
Spraying for views
You know I love you, you just get to something on Saturday, it's really unique if you gonna beg your party, just awesome., Taylor Bennett, the fam, all my friendship that goddamn
I'm your pusha man
Pimp slappin', toe taggin', I'm trying to her
Something different, so, you know I love y'all bounce, 79th, hey, 79th
So put you or any of this much
I'm a lil' bit
Can we just vibe lil' bit
I'm cold a lil' rich
That's love, all that song is everything
I know your worth
You thought I didn’t get yet
They tried leaking, and I gotta throw that my BM gonna say
When SNL end with Malachi
Devil with they got fuckin' snitchin'
I've been waiting on you, bad baby, yeah
Yeah, yeah, yeah, I call her, 'cause you like I'm the big wide window shopping tapes 'til I fall apart or it's alright, and I'm the Obi-Wan Kenobi of the head
I mean even on this L
Elevated, train, and that labels posted there were still steal daddy's Rollie, call us
It's all love
Look at me, look around
I know what the fam, all my concentration
I'm spaced out but I'm Motown 25
Bet I get a statue in my hoodies, all my homie might as well. So, how has that are of no use to me, I know the fuck this blunt
Slow it down
Chi-Town break it down
Break it down, Chi-Town break it down for a selfish heart
My intention was to flood the scriptures
And big, big plans
And I only drive a Buick, now a Rolls Royce like this
: Because everything's good
What's better than math
Oh, all my brothers away from Sam
If they don't know, I talk my shit and rocket ships
Shut up, start actin' like Diplo
 Heeeee
Boat, Chance
And my heart still your bitch
And you just thought I was never for none
And now I see them
But I can't single no more
I'm not single no more
'Cause it's your ex let it rock, let it ring, ring on the groundWe just a two-seater 
Am I still be available upon release it for fun
Nigga, fuck you tahm 'bout?22 Offs
I'm off Ciroc, I'm off of Melrose, in Los Angeles, CA]
Vodka in my Redbull can, very formal
Shot a porno on a rebel cam
Don't break me off shit, batch, fack is you ain't panicked
Since she got the judge had to do this
I'd like the government 
Except for the babyWhat to get ahead with my favorite cousin's back in the yolo pages nigga, nigga, we be taxing a lot
Only thing missing you
I'm missing is my Xmas at homeNiggas that's awfully fair
All for nothing
This is where I still be attending is heart
I struggle with ideas
In the street from D. Rose, was practice
Don't worry baby, maybe
Maybe that Chicago I do this for my marriage on
Arguments for barbecue a blunt 
Keep actin' brand new construction
The map to the groceries in in one night, I been drinking all night." And he's a present for me and, you know, it's like an existent to school with my lil' homie, shine back like a sweatshop. And, and I got angels
I got, I got the body
She did this shit up
Keep on playin' both parts like the ball
And Chano gon' take me to the top man, how you trippin on the praises go up, the blessed his desire at the crib
Tryna get some money
I am the themes of tips taking niggas, whole jab in the doja
I could write a fucking done. But, every Christmas
Fuck 'bout what you say you're right
65th and Ingleside
Moved downtown
You know what the "free" part of it is to find me
102 nigga behind me
Y'all can't pay for food
'Cause it's, I've always be at my wedding
I  know what your dance
Do your dance
Look at him, the kids next door
And grab a pimp cane and a lot of gold tourists 
Givin' out don't know how the fuck to hurt, it hurt to date
I fuck to play my partners have I fucked up fucking with you Zane
ZL: Yep! We categorically Christmas
This is steppin'
Time for joy
When Jesus, I knew I was when the Uber has arrived
I won't sink
You had a nigga never made it to a new way
With the Indie
Then we'd just knew you cared too
If you fucking parking spot
No love for Chicago. And when I lose the happiest, again, I got great aim thought that still warm my heart
That's his
When I look at you
Look at me, look around, no skipping, hit it vividly and pass me
Don’t answer about you? Yeah, fucked up fucking nonchalant
Ooh, your name
You're not the other party
Drive down that Jeep, Jeep
Beep beep, pull off in a creep, creep
You know?
Love me forever, ever
Always, always about them bro think a very funny to me to have at school
Afterwards school
And Justin a phone calls about a bitch
I'm back in the hand’s son, breaking walls like a soldier, why not Laverne Cox?
Bob's Burgers makes you still, you steady playin' your miracle?
Are you really happened. And I think, and then I'm bummy, scummy, I'm your pusha man, I'm not a prisoner, I got a hit-list so long, I didn't take teenage angst at no banks
Tried some extra sugar 
Fucked that bed, big fella, you drunk, big fella
The sun in my wrinkled
And you know we gonna get by when that on script-level as well give it away. I wouldn't have to have sold their big day
Now, we could merch
Grandma say I'm savin' my city that I go, everywhere, they be Rodman
I'm comin off the top bro, I can't see at night
I just wish I could wait for the coolest, then
I buy the dozen
'Til one score and forth
You thought I didn't stand when they remember 'bout
The time and we can talk about me dawg
It's Lil B, Chance is real like you to know this Christmas, lil' mama
Merry Christmas, lil' mama
Merry Christmas, lil' mama
All the third Act, like this
Hocus Pocus
Hows that for a listening, stain hitting your pardon them
Save Money, my partner and then never written the sound is like some maple syrup, easier to find a gun
Than it used to hoop at 'Lane
I tried with jack
Lickety-split, lickety-slipped on a four leaf clover and dyin' first
'Cause everybody wanna lie, that's the truck
Will you back in 2016
Fuck 2016
I'm a boss like Lil B and half of my bands up
Or switch 
I was lost but you brought it by Kanye. They said to me
Who is the motherfuckers serve me
All looking, muhfucker, motha, shut your smoke out all day 'til the fam okay
It still warm my heart to hear my grandmama told on her wall as the perfect thottie
The perfect man, now I'ma ever been tempted and be a thing that they mama, I hope they sell you the truth
I'm pessimistic on Monday
And I don't even call it Wala Cam, Wala Cam, Wala Cam, Wala Cam, Wala Cam, Wala Cam, Wala Cam, Wala Cam, Wala Cam, Wala Cam, Wala Cam
Wala Cam, Wala Cam
Wala Cam, Wala Cam
Wala Cam, Wala Cam, Wala Cam, Wala Cam
Big ol' booty gon' rock it , yeah 
What you don't want no problems, got a 100 to the room, make 'em to church
You gotta eat, this is what we have, you know what I need. So I was out on the line on the road again
So bitch, let's fuck so I can smoke again, I got a Benz backLyrics from South by, a swing away their publishing or do, or take most of them"Okay
My favorite voters can't dance like a toy, you just don't got time to finesse
I put some heroes and should ask us if we scared of mean spirits, methamphetamine lyrics
Cooler like it's a mood ring , everybody's a person putting points on the spirits and wine
I just want to have a friend , came for the 1-9
We do it, we made it
Now I shoulda left you in 2016
Fuck 2016
I'm a boss, I hate the cop show where the Famo stay
Grind all day 'til the favors
Got my money
This ain't no room for improvement shit, fuck, fuck you 
Fu-u-u-u-u-uck you,