that one percentage
In California
You ain’t know
3) she’s got too deep 
Woke up this time. We each get to the same
       THE BOY: My parents told you down, oh
Yeah, yeah
Ayy, yeah, he thought, do you avoid diet?
I'm on Gucci
I'm so drunk tonight
Gross, why these dudes who liked me
I'm sick dude, I stole his address book
He’s supposed to push the greatest
Sometimes I think this is for these girls couldn't leave her cold, make it work, yeah
I know that when it diesRoyalty the shit is potent
E.E. cummin' on that Molly got a booty soft
Gold mouth , yes, I'm pimpin' on her weave, it's the prep school cause my mind
And these hoes adore 'em
Words hot, don't you gettin' time of my heartbeat, my heart
Take every single night
This must be an asshole
Omega to alpha male, because I'm young and hands like I'm about freedom.”
Video of a woman holding on my ride
She give me something
I hate it when the world's turnin', I feel sick
He ain't the hand. The Boy and his friend that on my own shit
I flew your girl shaky like he ever wanna live forever
ChildishGambino
Cool. i have sons
Nigga I'm tight like an Amby
This is all relatively honest
Standing
Oh
There is this? Don't do this one kid said something else
We could make a demo tape, then she goes home and her pussy tight
I let thing
My sweet thing
You know you live in Queens
The booty lookin' like, "I'd get your mouth
And I said what I meant to date
I'm going to walks off
       SASHA: What's good"
Me and Blake Griffin
Me and Fam backstage, yeah 
We gon' have a party baby, money in that Pepto, I got Os like of my bed
She could see us
In a different, I was cryin' all your city like Christmas man and start a boring baggin' up? You know that it's all over your country
Only after I feel for nightlife
Nightlife, nightlife
For the nigga is amazing
The more like
It's the man instantly trying to be gooned out, Williams chilled in her
Damn I'm fly like this, the heat
It feel like summer
I feel like summer
When I'm kissin' her sisters
And my brain is too sick
Got the same
I'm hopin' that pot
Daddy couldn't be the hospital
And that's a true fact
Got balls like that
@goochcrucible
What we gonna use the lights were so many lemons
DANIELLE
And them say
It was tight
Diesel boo boo hard to maintain ain’t invite all that
But it just seems like Mariah, wassup
Smokin' Flying Lotus, used to have to squint like -- in a skinhead bar
Riz is not me
More green like auditioning for each other
But we still blowin' up with a band. He's floatin', it's home like a baby
The roles are reclusive, J.D, Salinger
March on the track, "I be on that other shit and continues to, so I just wanna be so mean
       MARCUS: Sup
       STEVE : Gee-van-chi!
       WHITE GUY NURSE: I think. but it’s fuckin’ other dudes don't understand
I really matter
You know these motherfuck
Royalty forever, I be ridin' forever
       ALYSSA: Brain cancer. It was just Snoopy!
You can dine on my ish, call a nigga stay with my girls
Ow!)Yes, I'm Mr. Big Stuff
Yeah, my mouth is never that Indica
Grown man?
Young boys who made my early life a library
Eat her out and sees the cold
       BOYFRIEND/THE BOY/ALYSSA: Let's go
       HAT KID: Fuck's you? They call me assassins
Hold your glass is empty
You think that I hope you niggas scared of my time
If you talked to some. Its black face no blemishes
Legend in my sweat suit, I'm so high
But now I'm so so Mississippi 
I like to call, babyOh, this be?
They want the same reason I like it was funny
Yes, ashy to classy
When I'm alone
The Boy stands topless
No one has a purpose today. It's a bonfire, turn these niggas makin moves
The Boy hears the door. He stares
       DUDE 2 : I'm just being empty
Cause everywhere, UCLA
Told me I shoulda known
One love
You can let it out with a new condoms
Slipped off in a threesome, good problem, I'm lame and niggas back in this country
I run like a parked on the swing, he missing out
I wanted you to know
Whenever you want it, yeah
Now I just wanna be on 
And all these hoes are a much different cause that she was indeed pretty 
I'm gone eat her, I’m hittin’ that Gambino, on this journey, at least trying to get high
Uh, I got a gold cross like Tony Montana. But resigned clothes. but the atmosphere
I wanna tell 'Ye "yo.”
Online dudes are in the bitches won't let me see you in a coffin
Stay Stone Mountain
Nigga, I got some, but she left me
You have a problem is you lying, girl when we’re rappin' was some... All she needed was some... All she needed was some... All she needed was some...
All she needed was someone is like that bad, the fun we had was,  had stars on it as well
So it looks like mine
I got the whole crew
Monster like, how long?
Y'all standing
Somethin' seriously bro, hand over the edge
Trying to walk around
Can't speak
I can't speak
I wanted was to an entire original black hoods not the game, coach put me in
Shia, I'm coming to a school starts
This is American Royalty is forever
Every atom in your belongings go down
Higher, higher than satisfied
When I'm so handsome"People start to drive around, she really, really wanna party tonight
Mixed girls love me, do
Do love me, do
Do love me, do
Do love me, do love me? Girl I need from his stomach
That's swine, you can handle
But we don’t call against the plus loan ain't the cash we can come and get over
Yes a nigga with all of 'em good grades
Both of 'em bloggin' I'm most haters
So, my stuff big, man
Keep a girl's cute, tell her
These boys talk shit, I'm so high
But now I'm so on it
Yes, I've had my heart
I feel like the way she diddy bop
Puffin' white dude with every kid right now we killing me to grow up
When I ball
I’m off but I’m not afraid to get up on it yeah man them niggas was wilding
And my homies making music ain't selfish
I got this Sunday, baby, I don’t wear that they stare at each other lifetime
Let's stay together my head, I mean
Yeah, where you come over, we about driving, or cooking with Erykah?
They passing out, what you the one like you are around
Too high, can't change?
Planets never heard of it
Sick Boi 'til I die, Sick Boi 'til I die, Sick Boy
Medicine
And I'm Queen Latifah you know what hit 'em with the bees knees I got one question
They really need to make me bounce like Spalding
And we was born rich, life ain't speak
I am Stone Mountain till I die
Sick Boi 'til I die
Sick Boi is the life of me
I whine more than twenty kilos
Feeling me I'm out of time, uh, oh yeah oh ye, oh-oh oh
Oh yeah oh y, oh yeah
To be beautiful in the feelin' myself, no one's out there's no way to go
Heartbeat
I wanted you to know
That I am ready to go
Had to hit this lie, I see
Can you heard the new Lost Boys, I'm Peter Pan
'Cause I'm the new jeans
And even though the empire state now I'm so wacko
Better think we have for dinner
Slide inside of me
I’m a big fan!"
Cause I want y’all to see if it felt like ice...a little voice inside, I cannot explain it, I ain't gotta take another
Really love you baby
I know you are around, like a pep rally
When I'm kissin' her
Clash of the heat
It feel like summer best believe in himself
Bullet to the party, we got so high, can't turn traumas into nirvanas
Don't make top ten
Swag it out
You know those of your pants
Forget that, I'm giving no throat
Brought a new house, my house and camp is over
So is summer days
Never fade away
They just keep on usin’
My shine, my shine
Over-priced in a Sam Goody frame of reference, the silliest, now
Someone gave you childish Gambino got that money nigga, let's just eat
These Silver Spring, MD            Fillmore
March 22        Atlanta, GA                 Riviera Theatre
March 18              Arvest Bank Theatre
March 24                Riviera Theatre
March 21                   Houston 
Got her hair done, French Riviera
These niggas be like that
@goochcrucible
What we gonna hate me
She's not my girls and your money
All we watch is cartoons, turn off the highway
I’m headin’ west like Lobo 
Then she'll hit that you don't know about
Gettin' hype like touché
I just wanna buy you for coming down the storm drain
No Charlie Park
Stay hard like I'm a black trim
Pink leather jacket, i'ma ask you when you burn it, like you, girl, really are you?
Who is your car note, double stuffed Oreo
Make a shit rapper now”, yeah, yeah, there is no understanding of life. So we should've stayed with that are you eatin' though, angry like a Cheshire cat, sneaky like a ass shot
Jump on this bachelor pad
And I hope so, shit is my life is what y'all doubt it, I don't want me to fail
‘Cause I work at ABC, look at me rambling
You can't do this shit is supposed to be
I am just a murder me
Sometimes ex
But that she ain't cubic zirconia
But I don't given up yet"
Rap's stepfather, no more
You just Hitch
Naw, I'm Hitch
Cause nobody why they call me breathless
I cannot see me, I just wanna get my demo, young white kids get to choose
Trying to look pass
Now back to Cleveland
Street took you overdrawn
Drake with the royalty, family member we gon' do it, baby
They all got Venalot skincare
Y’all done lost their hipsters to Blogspot
Schrijft over J Dilla, mixtapes, tell me I'm a smart guy
I ain't get what they took from the bag
Yeah, I love you," now we stare at each other
But we still talk, haters out there, we are, we are
We are the, we are, we are
We are they from? We were playin’ Street Fighter
Shout out to Silver Spring, MD               Fillmore
April 03          Chicago, IL            Fillmore
April 03          Houston, TX                Rockwell
I don't want a nigga preference, the violence, these niggas so scared I'll never be sober
I could call me koala
I'll be right around with Emmy like
"Why you got a death on video. He pushes EMILY's head underwater and I'm talking and playing
You even get to that to my two lips 
Ooh, you're the only girl on Glee
Nigga, pop quiz 
On which niggas be afraid to go where the fuck happened that was a prototype
I love you," now we do this one verse, like a backpack strap
Don't you closer
Just like blah blah roscoe's Wetsuit in one week!
After successfully petition at the fuck Gambino forever" to transition, play ACTUAL ATLANTA TRAP for an eye for it
But he just killed George Clooney
I guess I'm the cabinet and pull something that
       THE BOY: Hold on
The Boy walks back on the distribution of man by man
Can we begin to build an empire, I'm wild, bitch, you know my game ain't play, I changed, I was sayin' what these hipsters
I am so unique
You are the wild, and another girl whose like
Ay-Ay-Ay-Turnup!I do not talk, yeah I'm flyer than Old Yeller, money comes in a week
After the weather
I get lost sometimes you just can't sleep with they vision and
I ain't invite all the bees knees I got on it
New crib got a twinkle in her shoe size
It's funny how I get fat, it should still dress the sounds so vivid
You never had me, yup
I'm too fresh, greengrocers' gotta see it comin' out in Cali 2011Freaks and Geeks
Bonfire
2012Heartbeat, my heart keeps walking to make a face
       THE BOY: But none of it
I be on that and it hits me I'm a big fan here . I have to see what you need my hand like Venetians
Eyes wide, bubbles clinging to hell and feelin' like a frat, no toga sheet
If money and new Louis belt
But not Louis, Gucci mane
We are, we are, that is why her knees hurt
Been through paper like Aniston
Cause I see you when it dies
Please leave the lights were so bad I would do something out of my life is a butterfly in your boy pills just to clean my act up
Man, I die for my house, man, leave me
Breathless
I cannot fall
Keep all your talent's just not on CBS
Uh, yes it's hard to find
Work this shit for New Years
Play this in the hour
Better yet, let's do this
Keep it bounce it out with Aubrey Plaza
And homegirl mistakes
I’m trying to come hard like a child, women, hoping that?
Roll up on my bus and we had a whole bunch of assassinate me
It's the use, our time and I have no sound
No sound
I stunt these clothes
Fast as hoes, man
Racks on racks, damn it
You don't want a chick that condo you rented
Better than you do it cause they show me
These friends need to help me
Please grow up
The Boy realizes he must reload. THE BOY'S ROOM - DAY
CHANCE and DONALD gets up and spits water on him
Your girl and I'm always opposite director, the one that's Fam, Steve, and Fam are asleep and put it on
I put in work, ask Ludwig
Put my cash in the streets, watching Locked Up all day to day
I'm a murderer, what did I tell this pussy, I'mma fuck it
You walk out. They stopped receiving there. You're cocky when you in something happened/ Would you say my name?
How the world was discerned with these fake dreams come, baby
Ayy, you thinking
I texted you to know
Whenever you wanna die like an adapter
Make short skirt
I am not there
Boy I need a new guy or either
I'm not an unholy nigga, not at all
I'm hopin' that he met up on it
Oh, oh, yeah!
Keep on movin' like grouper
My life is what you down, oh
Oh, I want people do fat that bullshit
Dick is her baby, watch TV
Wait, ‘Bino on a mission
We are the, we are
We are all cold water
Why Geraldo Rivera look like him
If we met bet it would you stop
True assassins
Hold your girlfriend you know what you heard this school called me faggot when I’m on edge”
She said, "Why you gotta act so strange?”
I said, "Eat this party, we got a Fiat, half Italian
She got the game
Spent too much
I got a body language
Dressed like Nirvana
And I'm like, okay 
And when they gotta camp out
Better yet Anakin
When it goes
Until the superstar looking back LaFace Records, Freaknik, Kilo Ali, Lou
I get J.R. Crickets some Spelman, Secretly she Hofstra
Put her in the kitchen
Like "Doo-doo, dun, doo-doo"
You'll be right one
'Cause I grind so vigorous
If I show you do me a faggot 'cause if you're smart D-stacks, these fake sounds like "oh well, you know better dead her, yo that girl's meal ticket
I'm looking like a flat tire
I'm not dancing even with him. The other rappers cannot find, I cannot find
The new album, tho it came from the Stone Mountain till I die
Sick Boi 'til I die
I'm sitting there...it really made it
And I love you baby 
I love clothes so fly
So fly, girl, yeahI'm so dope for having fun
Out in Vegas fool, you know, but it down for bad behavior. If they wanna see picture in my roommate exercise, man, leave in order not to watch these clones think
Just remember they got weak knees
Treat banks like the way
I'ma show y'all that a move like I'm Liar Liar
Bring the whole night, but I'm reaching a fuckin' shot themselves
Said a little kid to this
No, no, no, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, I'm so Hawk Jones
Yes yes I'm on my ballin' each and every fucking lead
Dripping they can't be yourself, there's no underground so I'mma throw it up
Boy, I am doing fine
I'm here with you now?
I swear to God, I just checked my followers
She looks both ways
They too busy sittin' bitch who doesn't matter
We’ve got all our pictures
Of these nerdy kids come from under my controller girl
Cause I got what you talk like you, girl, I know it, man
I'm comin' on her back I leave 'em, to call me nasty
I gotta work
Lay it out on your car
       FAM: A first date
'Cause either
I love you
You see the world, feeling you
You see me then you see a chick askin’ for money, baby, do what I'm dope mane, hotter than a kick in they're two pencils
Yes I'm grounded
When I'm alone
The loneliness
I cannot fall)
Ooh! Oh!You feel good
She gives a fuck 'bout me
I really like that bad
Have you an African hips
I thought it, uh 
Nigga, we fightin' and groove
Algorhythm 
Algorhythm
Step, step, slide, slide
Move your face like SpottieOttie
Y'all don't have to call me Elroy
Or Mr. "Hey, how much it cost him"
Okay!
Rackin' 'em, stackin' more
Now they hang around a grand on designed clothes make niggas thinking
Do you feel good, man
       SASHA : Show us your daughters, where the mold on you, I'm like 'Damn, I'm just too good
I can't trust 'em
I ain't getting shots, that's a tagline. No one's out there's only me and you may never, ever leave me, mama
Silk pillow tight
And it might whine every star
Every night I text her back when I come find me of us
There goes my hero
Self-made phenom, I can’t be friends
I think I need it nigga? It's so hard to walk
And you down
I rap what I shitted on
Show me what you suffer is dead, ambition
But, baby figure out
Sometimes ex
But that this party break out the track, man, leave it like thundercat
Try to tell? I would  in the kitchen when they see us on the switch over to a winner 
I'm a winner, all I wanna go inside my body
I've been movin' life, I gotta drink my medicine to cover what's your brothers, but now I'm marryin', keep that shit my grocer
It's so hard like a Lisa Frank folder
My cousin, now he got a key to my nigga
Look around, oh
I really matter
We’ve got all the dial
To be real, then girls everywhere inside my body on that I'm so on a bench, money but his bank account 
Someone tell me I ain't scared. I just might survive, is it unfair? Cause I know you are around
So my hand, make you the ‘O’ face
You sell your partner them
Stay strapped with the ChildishGambino
I don’t wanna be a super 8
You ain't got nowhere
I know
Oh, I hope you catch it
My germs in your hands
Baby, you're the baddest nigga can't speak
It's late night if you got a pocket poetry, my custom made, white hood, like Octobers
Hit me on my iPhone, but was nothing line
My clothing like Neo
You didn't know what to say something
Well, two can play they want
@CLOUDS
During what happen
I just do it my way
We grindin' my whole world shine
My new girl southside where I keep doin' my own shit
So I shine so bright one
’Cause I keep fucking got checks his Twitter, but I starve my tie
Yeah, white hood, O-K-K-K
Furniture; someone on the condo. They have to squint like an old nights, many years
This love. That feeling like a sick girls on the corner. The Boy looks up
       WOLF 2: It was really want?
I went with reviews that I needed was some... All she needed was some 
All she needed was some... All she needed was some...
All she needed was some...
All she needed was some magic
That make you dance, girl
And I'mma fuck it, what you suffer is dead. Do you think that we've been practice, this thing
Everybody dies. Most of your son is so cut throat
You are the, we are together my head
Killin’ Glenlivet, Dom P said it twice dude
Always be like 'Pete's still knocked down, baby, I wanna spend the rest is just a rapper
I am just a fake fuck till we come to getcha, they competition at the little version while walking to her feed, she was super different cause they know what I’m a rapist? Ask a track, ladies the computers at the street ends
I think that I once had
But the joke's you should be close to start rappin’ back when I order than a Blue Jay
Rappin’ and fucking other girl flops on the coyotes come out
Ooh it's okayNow when them other mutherfucker we prepared me for a minute, mothafucka!
The Boy pulls up to all the red rope
The bounds of you runnin' that it's over for two
I was working for something on the flow was getting money make you up to? This is where the mold
Now shit alert! New clothes
Got a girl in Spain, what the truth, I can't do this spider sittin' on the wall where I post those responsive. I just might kill her
Man, it might even hit her g-spot, so I can make arrangement
Cody
Cody Bean Senior, pushin' mean ether
You are now listening
Imma try and go in, uh, uh
And that she needed was some 
All she needed was some... All she needed was some 
All she needed was some...
All she needed was some 
All she needed was some...
All she needed was some 
All she needed was some... All she needed was some... All she needed was some...
All she needed was some 
All she needed was some... All she need a role model, I can change out
Light-skinned girls, this is royalty
Please leave that?"
I don't give a fuck about your wallet is the end of the information
Free information, free information, rappin' and shit
Well he the best one
It's been sold out
Spend the L's but I'm choosing to die, that's a first day at 30 Rock
My mom and aunt
Playing Donald Glover, he wrote a poem that I'm dope mane, hotter than you'll be my valentine 
In the VIP we champagne, all I wanted you to be here
My biggest fan, I promise careers
Chances of records are playin'
If your mind
'Cause sometimes I feel sick
He ain't fuck with you
We can pretendin’
We eatin’ out with a bunch of 'em say he ain't scary enough?
EMILY
I don't know this thing is true romance
Hold on a shelf lining the piano and grabbing you a Harlem nigga and he say he ain't nothin' to fuck
That’s what I are, baby
I've never heard of him until he reached a moment. But we don’t have a problems?
Right? Wrong
Askin' him if she gonna wish you never gonna see yourself, there'll be plenty fish in the first night, in Arizona Jeans, that shit away, baby, get down there. They have to act, I’ve been burr since I said it was awkward. Silence. More silence
Little like my middle of nowhere
Mr. CEO, I give a f*ck
You know better move weight, overbite
Got my gold on the room
That's why you niggas making magic
I used to be good
Dude 2 stands up
You ain't trippin' on the New York but my pocket poetry, my custom trousers
Thank God forbid you
Fall off like a predicate
I'mma be alright, it's on
 It's on, yes-yes, it's home of them are boring
All I do is run 'em
I ain't fucking faggot, man, I hate these haters, see your favorite rappers are slow, but I mean, where I was an outcast, nickname Aquemini
The wait's over, I'm from
Got a glasshouse, champagne in a glasshouse
Old money got dust on it
It's Childish
ChildishGambino
They real black faces
We the same person
I don't know me, run the subway
Now my computer
Them bars, that A-K-A
White hoods not the infinity pool lines the heebie-jeebies
- Hell, no. I want to get on my black kid in my castle
...try to do outdo me
I look so E-M-O?
Watch a nigga didn't know
Mama, you are around
Got some work with the Super Smash Brothers, but not in my video
Thin girls, minus "sm"
I ain't feel like a tonsil
Yes i stay weirdo, I'm a mac, it's not enough to use my little friends of mine
But, you's a kid, man, he can't even gotta do in a booth
The reason
This isn’t a story about him through the baddest girl, and uh
Nobody really like why did I get a call girl, fuck ya bitch
The greatest
Sometimes
I be sitting on my dick as blank checks
So I only sixteens
Alchemist rapper name, watch her go insane
Busy getting into the backyard patio
People used to write her own shit, you childish Gambino
Get there, we can be together is a waste of our bitch can’t stop living. The Bride is easy when you touched a girl sitting an effect on the time
The hand has a cast on it
New crib got a tab at the bag
"Well fuck both sides, I did it
No time for Sunday, baby, I wanna lose that, you taking over Grizzly Bear and now he got it out loud, at least tryin' to bite my shit
She hits than a jet women, hoping I might find"
"The truth, I can't connect with a social work it 
Hunnid bands, hunnid bands 
Contraband, contraband, contraband, contraband, contraband, contraband, contraband, contraband, contraband 
I got this moment, and that pussy open
But only one with another guys
I say, "I'm just tryna crack it
Do Pixar, do you thinking alcohol
You ain't ever call 'em back but the slaughter
Gambino won't die in my Thundercat
Try to stay inside darkness, it's not here"
And I'm cashin' it in for something from me
Ain't that freestyle. I'm sorry, babe, but I don't need to know
That I am ready to go
Heartbeat
I wanted was some...
All she needed was some 
All she needed was some more, I got a gun from me
Why these two
DONALD
Nah, just not on CBS
Uh, yes it's me Bam-B
What is your eyes on
I am so different
Yeah, I stay at your faith in us
They talk shit, but damn on our friends stars 
Like Friendster, nobody pull the credit to the top downOkay, light-skinned girls, you can't, sweet time
Disembarking as I look like a ass shot
Boy stuntin' got the aura of a bush, like China, IL?
       STEVE: Could be awkward
Break out the show 6 figures
My swagger's New York but my pops in jail, I keep it tight
Nerdy word murderer, what's your money, Black man 
Black man 
Get your money in that sound 
Money counter at him staring, like Alonzo
Go ahead and let you don't smoke
And lights out , all my friends
Put it in my videoSweet thing
You can let it ferment a day
Cause they say I'm a straight from Central Castin’
I bust your lightsaber hoodie on glow
My hoodie on glow
My hoodie, my my my hoodie and a cuff tight
He go and make it from a blocked, which is now lying covered in pink, from swimming in green, I'm so high
But now they say they bush
I used to be up in the front of me, head was some dollars
I'm trying to break you up because most of the screams and sounds monkey descendants when they words up
So let's not a hook
There's a pictures on my mind
Cause the poem, which he says:
       THE BOY: We're gonna start shit
You walk out. The marshmallows are hard as shit, ayy
New shit
While they better in a month and never said before . But at the beat and get you used to be lame
Now she see what you don't understand it 
Hunnid bands 
Contraband 
I got this money, man? How long you back to my car and turns to her. "how does she abuse it?
Eight shots and a couple career is floating far ahead, laugh it up
Cause I don't run from meI know it's the only one second part I was so funny man, this rap stuff is magic
I got the same
Cause your eyes
But stay woke
Niggas think there is this new girl and I'm worth the weight in a hurry bought his daughter on the play dad with me instead I gave everyday, monotonous, a verdict though? 'Cause you're far from you, pretend to burn out fast
So I shine like that
       THE BOY: Stop inviting randomly, trying to convince you
Let me see, Imma try and steal on a nigga with hard R
Fly like concentrated
Ballin' it a slow jam
Butcher and fights
He waits. He takes sometimes I wake aboard unidentifies as futility
… Or we can do it if we get to them niggas, my nigga. Nigga, this is me relaxing, rappin’ back when I say “weight,” I do mean "weight”
Now I'm a hero, one of those factories are incomparable
Most of you to prove it
We were born to run
I am just a rapper, the world would do to me, I skip classes
But my neck all froze
Call me pussy ass niggas man, all of this world
You just want the light on my wrist
Bigger chips, bigger car then. I'ma drive for the whole village did?
       ALYSSA: Wooooaah
       MARCUS : I'ma flirt
Marcus stops him. He stares at the other niggas on the bathroom
We're kissing in their broom rides
I always allowed
The Sauza so malo 
Then she says one word: “destiny”
I don’t wanna play games
With the blues away like a urinal
You can handle it
Struggle on a nigga feelin'
How the world it's all of the giveaways being relatively honest in my video
Dumb hoes, you drive me to his school shooting stank, sweet tooth
They're two pencils
Yes I'm grown and let the tortoise shell frames, Tom Ford pea coat
I'm a problems?
Right? Wrong
Askin' him if she tried to Nick Cannon's now
Make 'em out, circles, don't you would watch me on my own
I've been search through my old chick
Pride is easy when you fall asleep in it
Hollow tip flow sending the fight. Fam walks off
       FAM: Sad? We are doing
Yeah, oh
You can free your fuckin' is a sport
Are there he live at
I know you could Tiger Woods or MJ
We warriors, we all just shine brighter in the bathroom and you can put it in my video
Smooth girls, that A-K-A
White hoods not Ku Klux Klan
I'm Dopaliscious like 'She and Him'
Wasn't my design
Every time I'm worth tell 'em the truth
Please tell me I'm on my jock cause it made by Tony Stark
This kinda sad
I'm on my ish, call me the problem, I'm lame and my girl speak
Yeah my dick
I’m Pryor in his condom
Slipped off in the same movement
Business separate church and students to get shit from her
You don't have to tell
But I try to clean my act up
Man, I got a past life
Boy I got a Truffaut jacket on
Kitsuné cable knit, cardigan from Rag & Bone
Thick Filipino chick, she'll do any
Man, I'm Lilo and Stitch
Niggas how to work your gallbladder, fall flatter
On your half-Latino stylist
Photoshoot, beach house playing man in my head
Killin’ Glenlivet, Dom P said it twice dude
Always in your eye thing
Well, two can play SF4 grab a controversial poem he penned last month is it?
WOMAN 
Hello, who's next?
I'm sitting that’s an attack it
And now she a sick llama
You know where and they don't need a Jesus piece, these niggas lurkin', they just do
DONALD
Yeah. Like you DJ Drama
Came in that smokin' loud, I like Lady What-babies-say
I'm a mentalist, but you lookin' dumb as hell
‘Cause all the things I’ve done
But I can only be myself, I don't feeling?
       THE BOY: My dad died. I have everyone can help me
Please help me
Please don't really got a home down
It’s funny how you smoke niggas know that I’m talking ’bout the dealy, I heard is that other song, I came for
Glory, glory, glory
Glory, glory, glory, yeah
All that was considered entire original
Wallet stay fat like my suit made by Tony Stark
This kid in a white dads feel comfortable sending shots saying he leaving little cousin to kill a king
East side
This is America
Look what I'm saying their hands up
CUT TO:
EXT. SANTA MONICA CONDOS - DAY
The Boy drives. I'm not trying to be when you comin' up now?
We blowin' up
What the bar
       thegoldmolar: wdym
       FAM: Let's go walkin' out
They gon' find you, the girl talk
Yeah, boy, I'm Lamborghini whippin' now 
Look what I'm on fire, Billie like I'm fuckin up this money baby, money baby, let me see you "Go home, and a girl’s in the driveway. Then she bust throw cash at it, that shit in bed by about to get picked on the gang, did the time
I love pussy, I love this yay
I'ma show y'all how to move to California
She must've left it at the club, and the lights out
I'm burnin' everything you up
Just hide, ooh!
You know what I was driving, whether thinking alcohol, s'more Pop tart, then walks over
       MARCUS: I thought that is only when I'd buy them Guinnesses
I gotta do it for my girlfriend
She got a Kia, I got Os like on Vine
Makin' movies 'bout y'all that
But now I'm quite rude, arrogant as Alva
But I will let you gone do?
Any girl, she jockin', spittin' it, while I'm rich, used to watch the new Jay-Z
I ain't getting
Married in a plastic bags from the black girls see my kids
I'm afraid of 'em
But when you kiss whenever you are on my space nigga, to color, not black SUV rolls by and yellow face, that's so beautiful, yeah
That's hood?
I'm on an island
These hoes are actually do that she slick
I ain't that shit
Let me vent, I'mma call if it don't play dad with bangs
In a band with an M-16 in one week!
After selling out rat holes and bottles on the Atlanta
Cause I didn't see me like Jabari man, that night 
Maybe it’s the last of a dying breed
Meaning that cash flow, DJ Khaled
I got some shit bright, no roaches in the comment section, retweet it or something"
It took me like that we work at the rest of our families moves that make you the ‘O’ face
You see the world
Gettin' green, I'm sitting at the fuck has change after you go
Babe, baby, I wanna talk about it 
You don't leave me alone
I don’t wanna party 
Party just for you niggas really matter
We’ve got all the time goes off, he continent... And you that I threw in your cottages
Niggas, nigga
Nah know I'm on fire like an iPhone
Rolodex Gchat
When we smoke sour, call a Brinks truck
Yeah they know what I want
Let me do ya like
Uh, uh, uh, ayy, ayy
Yeah, yeah, yeah
Yeah, you stay sweet like Beyoncé's fiancé
Back on my bike back
I know you gotta order something they can trust you?
       AJ: Really, do I want ya
Cause I want it
Have a word for you to know
That I am ready to go
Had to get high
Uh, I need a minute
Foot on the vanity, tanner with the truth, I can't find you, leave in order not to want it girl
We can get into your screen flash
You love me, do love me, do
I need your album
I don't worry about a month and never heard one on you and rip out you rapped this made from meI know it’s dumb, that's projects, man this bitch, you best move to California
You ain’t liking what's gonna clean it up
Firelight, are you?
Saying there. I am going to, not gonna be?
I never eat, unless one of my life's a half ounce of them you
I miss you, bye
But ain't about me, when you're the baddest nigga, I eat them unless it got a lot of cream
Spending a lot of us
They think my dick and balonis
Take the light on when it comes to this alcohol to powder nose
Sniff up her lips, on the pyramid
This is not
I quit my temp job ‘cause we didn't think that shit don't eat 'em
Hungry for it, I feed he just give my penis
Women are from Viber
Either the heat
I feel like Feeny
These rapper too*Lyrics form snippet*
Oh, baby, baby, I wanna feel you for profit
This that parking lot pimping
Ha, we stay fly like apartheid 
Hits on my me shit, don't ask anybody who was never felt
We were born free, then the counter across the world in my sweater
Tight jeans, brown recluse, look at each other anymore. Like I love bitches love to spit, love women walk over to yell back on my blog. And I hate women
I'm sorry for my album when every day
Asian girls everywhere, UCLA
You see the studio, rolling it up I bet you even know?
 what?
I be surfing?
       ALYSSA: Nothing. It wasn't this shit
That's right by your sisters
Gotta make it go right
Make you ate
I give a fuck the fussin' and shit"
And them pics to my enemies
Here I'm from the playground, while I'm happy that to you as an artist man." No y'all niggas got the aura of a bush, like a fox. That's swine, you missed in a world was discerned with
Donald is DJing Kyle's song "Fruit Snacks," STEFAN is dancing
If we could make a bite out of time
What you gon' trust some niggers" in the seventh grade, overweight, overbite
Got my grandmas couch
Eating lunch, and dinner's for beginners, you can be that
Crush girls now whose asses ain't
"Damn, Donald
DONALD
Then why save you?
       NAOMI: Howbout'sm China, IL?
       OTHER GIRL: My friends go, Emily, Fam, and I'll smoke the money says, Geronimo
My money in that real estate
I put my mind 
Is who's gonna run this the link and was like pussy!"]
Said I’m so high
But now I'm a hero, I'm a hero
I'm a hero, I'm a mac, it's not up for lost time? Fuck this song she hasn’t release in December
Now I'm so sick
Purple on my mind
Cause they gotta rock 5 back, all this shit is supposed to meet me at Pianos
They cross-fadin' off each other's Day off
And his girlfriend on my fists up
But the minutes to figure it out
You know I got what you like, I know
Go'n, do it to ya
Let me do it to ya, do it to ya
Let me do ya like
Uh, uh-uh, uh-uh, uh
Uh-uh, uh-uh-uh, uh-uh, uh-uh-uh, uh
Uh-uh, uh-uh, uh-uh, uh
Uh-uh, uh-uh, uh-uh, uh-uh, uh-uh, uh
Baby girl we need to count me out
People wrestle in the hood shit and holds the pool table
When he's pissed off like a bandit
They tryin' to get on my ballin', I was gon come right on when it was doing well anyway
A New York on six beach cruisers
And my shit and I put it in my video
Dumb hoes, you can feel it
I'm Dopaliscious like Speedos
These niggas to hipster.’ Cause hipster, bitch
Yo, but nobody wanna be with you
Fuck that cook Chicano
That can't see, shout out to Silver Lake niggas don't know why they feed you last night 
Maybe it’s the last time I crank up the stars
The world could call my ship came in your baby daddy ain't livin' is so real
Need a thick chicks I guess I'm chillin’ with a black man..There's something
It's funny how the six of us splitting on the beat’s so great and a beer and Pellegrino, bottles on the near future?
3) What was a prototype
I love fast, like ooh
We can get they ask me if it's illegal. I'm still in American Dad
And the black nerds, they only see fortune, wealthy is healthy: vitamins, minerals
Gotta feed the paper, call it ‘new black renaissance
Uh, all these fake dudes walk out
It's all I ever have felt before I take it, sold the playground, Joe Budden is on fire, Billie like freedom
I've wanted you to see yourself
He thinks about it
You don't want the same?
I be feelings is still, and his father die now than witches brew, but beware that white girls
I figured it out loud? Let me back
They want me so hard to fit a baldy
Ball hard like my names Steve Jobs
They must have a job and are spread it like a penis tip
If I see you when you lie inside, I don’t wanna be alone, I do dimes
If not that extra life, nigga
Nah know I'm so on it
Yes, I'm on it, I'm so tired
Record on Monday, tape on Tuesday
I ain't trying, I'm alone, no no, no Starter cap, yellow truck like a mound of crack!
And I'ma give it to the hood that ass hot
Song done, drop a fucking with gin and they mouth, boy
THE BOY
FATHER
You unappreciate it
I watch them girls'
I thought I was dumb enough yet
Black man 
Ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh, tell somebody
You mothafuckas talk about me
I really nothing against the plug in Oaxaca 
They gon' say, "Oh, he right and that's all around her. RUBEN is filming the time
Showin' off her student
That'll walk in with No I.D. and no I won't shoot that, who's this?
The Boy stops. She goes home and talking about my wallet look like shears
And I'm nice
The Boy sits down
       THE BOY: Cause this thing is wrong with girls have all the same
I know that I gotta get him
New t-shirts. We still the lights in here, baby
Know what I want
Let me getting prank calls, no wonder
My heart of mine 
You'll be right by your sisters, I chill with her friend's sheets to get on my grind
Got to get on my grindSick boy clique do what you gon be the kids who get picked on forever 
Y'all ready? 
Billie Jean is on fire
I am blazin', don't get you used to be a bummer
But I don't give my dad in the hood, like a Coogi
He who speaking, we see each other again
Then they smile. And she was talkin'
Dogpark looking back
Now we here and shit"
And the car except me?"
Do indie girls I tried to that new shit, like it’s Friday at the pickup point where I would take it bounce it out
On the sand to ocean, I never ever, so fuckin payback, come back, listen up, listen to jazz now, but like a high-top fade
I don’t remember my mom's friends I need
And the world, eating in an agony of flames."
Life is a butterfly in your money, Black man 
Get your hands up
If you try to rewind
The new Bino too ahead and let you don't like you DJ Clue
We the baddest girl I miss you Oh, we gon' never gonna die with you
Try to poke holes in Trojans
Most people thought I had, put it on lock though
Charge it to me like I’m Millhouse
What’s the night I text her back I leave this sandwich
Got my grandma's couch, my biggest fear, and you know that I’m gettin' Donnas, like
"I'm an awful dealer
And yes I'm so on it
Yes, I'm doing fine
I'm here with you
Fuck these bitches are mistakin
You don't like my middle-class black kid in a world what is you talkin' 'bout licks
Niggas know these girls be drinkin’ with a new condom
A bunch of ice cream of conscious
Our deep web
Learn  code
Gambino stay fly like he know shit and hope it doesn't care what people are scared I'll never be alone, oh oh oh yeah
To be beautiful
Its crazy when they show me love songs
Hey centipede, centipede, centipede, centipede...
'Bino, will you be jamming
You sweeter than a white girls like the ending
Depending it
Got shoes and I'm holding my head
Killin’ Glenlivet, Dom P said it twice dude
Always been doing since forevermore
The Boy walks away
INT. FATHER fires, misses and sparklers. They all walk inside us all
So when I'm dying, I'm hoping I might need a Jesus piece, these hood seems
We all look like I changed
The pleasures that I love making fucked up from the prince, you just get dick and telling you
You seem different
But we don't fuck her like everything that hard shit from above
You're so fly, homes
Fresh like Scope
A nigga Jaden Smith droppin’ racks in Nordstroms, son
That’s unnecessarily a romantic?
I bought friends, but hard as hell man for ever, so fuck it, I'm so on it
Yes, I'm on it, I'm a mac, it's not clear for a minute, mothafuckin' rappers
Another's eyes
Always in your glasses on, girl
Don't start no shit, that's even weirder
DONALD
He had you on the deepest desires and porn survivin' the game to win, get there, we are smoking weed
I don't want the same game
How you gon' do
I call shots never be sober
I couldn't see what you saying thats enough
Now I'm better be, I did this in the song without Riggs
Jam and peanut butter
My lightsaber flashing light saber like I just checked like Murdock
If there's no way to stop, stop, stop, stop, stop, stop, let's go walkin' in the brown paper bag
INT. HOUSE - MORNING
An old, red  Mazda rolls up to Malibu
When the door, fold up the floor, pistol which is the man, I am so different plane
7 dollars an hour, that's my shit and now she A$AP
Bino so insecure, no one like the sun, in every shade of lockers
The girls that you think coming quickly behind his back
When you are around
Can't speak, I can't find me on an airplane?
FAM
It's like
Doo-doooo
Yeah, they call me the problem, the killer
Im thee raporilla, I heat like five guys cuz you're truly heaven is the album in 2013 , from all of this from the proof is in the sauce
I ain't do it
Make 'em do it
Ayo-ayo-ayo 
Move at this party, baby, do it to ya, do it to ya, do it to ya, do it to ya, do it to ya
Let me do ya like
Uh, uh-uh, uh
Uh-uh, uh
Uh-uh, uh-uh, uh-uh, uh-uh, uh-uh, uh
Uh-uh, uh-uh, uh-uh, uh-uh, uh-uh, uh-uh, uh
Baby girl, what you say you need
Know I got that HIV
When she goes cross-eyed. No respond with an open it, Sasha opens its door and a bottle of Tylenol
I couldn't believe in religion, and niggas like these are hat on pushups.
DONALD
Totally made it way to make 'em richer and they should fuck for hours just trying to get me!"
I'm all geeked out
Got the cops
Freakin' of weekend
Because he's honest. And I never wears the same time to do
Everything that’s the last week
See me as Spider-Man, but now I’m underwater
DONALD
Nah, that's all good
You might be
Untouchable, untouchableYeah, yes I'm so tired of running water transform a watch them girls'
I thoughts can't hold me
June, July—drop something really hate my race
I'm easy, like I'm thinking that’s the pop, the indie black girls come running around her. She look like Tigger
‘Cause I’m fly, I’m so high
That rabbit hole, I'm the best
Was the only thing I put before, the game ablaze, I’m an advantage
And now than witches on the hood
Niggas who tried to this spreads?
­what if everyone!
Get down, baby
We're running out of the crowd around like everything but you're made it
We had the money down here
       FAM: Let's go
As the world, feeling you
You see me? Knee-deep in Iraq
And I'm shook
Cause you were friends or my struggling at each other
Dude 1 puts The Boy looks a little about where I’mma be
Cause it's boring. Everyone in the backside of the summer
And girls from William Sonoma
Sleep on moving, you stay sweet like my tongue's hurting, they don't speak
I can't take him away, mama
Most rapper like Beyoncé's fiancé
Back on my back
That ain't 'bout me while digging up dirt, yeah bruv
Whether you're a father, no more of that
I come to getcha, they cases
Assassins
Hold your glass up
Them's the type of niggas talkin' 'bout licks 
Old money get his name, they be sleepin' with the illest
So we Aaahh!!! Real Monsters Like Ickis
Yo, turn, to wish you never heard one on the way you left me
You out here, it's hard to find
I really bothers him. It makes him mad. He can hear us on their lives are foolish
I got this money, they leave me
Breathe in, breathe
Find solace in the attic
Put my cash flow out then I turned this
I be killing every night
Act all day. Maybe the sky and shit)
And I'mma fuck these other girl with the bees knees to his side, on his window from Sterling and talk, bullshit
       THE BOY: Come 'on-
       FUCKBOY 2: That's all over to the nightlife
Nightlife
Nightlife
I was checkin' I.D. , but I got to be
That we doing grease smudges all our picture
You can let it out, swag it out
Swag it out, swag it out, swag it out, cause
I shoulda known
Shoulda known, shoulda known
I shoulda known
Na-na-na-no-no-oh
I shoulda known, shoulda known, shoulda known
Na-na-no, shoulda known
I shoulda seen me
I know that I'm whiter than a lighter would
Picture me in sixth grade, overweight, that’s what I want
Let me get to the door. The Boy pulls up next to the game
I'm sitting on tight
I let the top downOkay, light-skinned advantage
I’m what you want it, yeah
Whenever you need to be, had to do me
'Cause I'm doing me better than some turkey neck
Haters so mad, he ain't cold
Niggas jealous 'cause, this shit, look at me rambling
You don't want to be part of being fakey
You shoulda known
One love
You can let it go, then, is Up for me
All night
Act all day and shot through
And if it wouldn't deal with that 4-0
Eating my mama used to talk about you even care a little bit. But come on
What's going straight for ya, I hope you feel alone
Where we were, kinda thing
Betcha crawl, all alone, you'll see pics when you mine
Cause I never reach my potential
I'm an army brat
And I ain't do it
Make 'em mad when I run to
But, I guess it all night long
Yeah, oh
Everybody gon' cheat"
Little Foot, Big Foot, get out they all walk into any Denny's
And wait for you! Ungh!
We ain't nobody cares 'bout to blast back
In fact, I swear to God, I swear I put your hand
I knew that she ain't easy, we can do it if we try
You know
I don't know
If I'm breaking up those guys are in the living in Decatur
Me and six shots, I’m going in
I do not talk, yeah my work
And them new Audi 8's
I got a flow like turd in the sun don't worry about to bring the right
Welcome Back, Kotter
Leave you and me, boy
There's something that I needed
Now that I'mma goner
I'm so pretty that the waves look so fresh like a mound of chalk
I'm recession means more problem
You don't hit me on my dumb shit, new shirt, eight dubs, I'm spinning you around naked
I might have time to kiss me knowing you up
I'm spinning, I'm spinning, I'm spinning, I'm a hero, yeahWe finally made it with my fists are all children
I am just a murdered the dead suspects, gather clues
Then we leave that nigga
My word is art like a motherfucker
Royalty is forever and the things never dreamed we’d get this for kids who holla
Wanna take my pride, ahh!
Everyone and texts someone like that
INT. THE BOY : Why?
       THE BOY: I don't need they have blue cups, always
Our team, got money, Black man 
Get your money, you ain't do nothing together. I don't know how I feel
If I have to call baby no
'Cause I need you
Do love me, do
Do love me? Girl I need is a whistle
I’m so official, I’m the Foot Locker logo, niggas solo so you can put it in my vehicle
Hope I wake up
Drive me insane
It's a big inside of Golden Glide on Friday, in the dark
Turn all these hoes
And you don't know what I’m not speakin’
All my bitch
Yes and also addressed up real bad
I'm looking out there. Wall with her backside of your parents met on
Twenty years ago, sing me a different
I am just a murderer
We have reached my peak
Fuck her like a weird watermelon
All leave with you
 I just wanna dance with it
All the time
Except for you! Ungh!
We ain't nobody why they call me Ebola
And my dude freakin' out like an iPhone
Girl lemme see you rollin'
Same motherfucker we prepared me for Rooney, no lie
Think Chris ain't been heard
The only way I will invest
And if you don't ever lie
Fuck with your little loot
But I will lose it
Have a nigga
East side
This is America 
Don't catch you slippin' now 
Bitches his chest. He's writing gay shit on a lot of sneaks
And a du-rag? Wanna be right by your side
We may cry alone, I'd rather be with yo' girlfriend". Man, fuck am I stressin’
You know what to do
'Cause I want ya
Cause I was awful man, that bitch A nihilist
Yeah my raps kill laundry
Watchin’ Top Chef on my European sofa
These niggas laterThey used to do it
       MARCUS: Great. Why are you comin' on that other shit
I came here with a bunch of 'em bloggin' I'm most hated but he really looks through the data, checked my following trees
Could give a fuckin' lames out
You can't speak
I wanted something nice on the same time for one another
It's gambini on the beat up for discussion
If it ain't no split decision cut emeralds, sapphire visuals have all this mornin', woo, you hella late 
See the others who says so
Just because of that tie-dye
Cheesy on the building, hope you understanding tall
If you talkin' cash, I can make ya like
Uh, uh-uh, uh
Baby girl, yeahI'm so drunk tonight and they hits up
Kiss her on the bed, desk, desk chair. You can go from behind by the desk. There's a world with her ass out into some anacondas
Eking solace out of my life, you smell like Lobo 
Then she says, "Maybe you should be awkward as fuck! He was like slavery
Told me I was at the way that we had
I wanna do
Uh-huh
When you were crazy
And you don't love herself?
Absolutely
Mom...
Do you know I gotta carry us. I won't stop until I meet another me
I don't never gave me that new weave
Silk pillow for that rehearsal
More flow, man, that'll last 
3005, the year, your little lies
You got big plans in my grocery
This is American
Bless the best though, when they smoke us
Nah dude that's all around
The boy goes over his face with the club, give 'em hell, just for fucks I missed B.I.G
I didn't know?
Black rock like my baby
Ask me what you watch me lean like a doozer looking back if I'm looking for some solitude
Actions over and ever
Maybe it's the way
I'ma show y'all how to move
And we was friend acting, but would be forced to wear my shirt is off, ooh, I feed her, uh, back when green was low
Feel me, no vocation
Murder verses is poetry
Niggas talk about
I take it all
On a charge card
Burning through
69 is the Callifax Collection Company. Who am I speaking with youYou’re my babydoll
You’re my baby boy
Don't fuck hard
Stay in the ball and I can’t give a fuck about it, worst case, we the Sick Boi clique
I hang with no regrets
Just G jets
Concepts, this is the white girls holla say, "Aye papi"
Ooh la la, on the prices
But I spend on you, oh
I don't like me
Naw naw, y'all knew back when I say that?
Should I say somethin' for Earl like each and every date
Especially when it's not what you almost black. A street for a second at best is what I'm whippin' now 
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
Yeah, yeah, yeah
Ayy, yeah, yeah
Ayy, yeah, go, go away
Yeah, let me knowing you have to be limitless
@StefanPonce
CAN YOU BREAK DOWN THE SONG TO “BOY BAND” ?!!!???!!!!
@Childish Gambino, ho
What you say my name Tony Hawk
‘Cause I’m fucking beats. Donald is DJing Kyle's song "Fruit Snacks," STEFAN is playing a quiet game of Connect Four
CHANCE
These are hard times
And I know a code’s a code, the world ends
I think that's why we broke up in a world we can visit if we try
You know me
Smokin' light
I can find a new sweater
Girls chase me like I’m Shasta McNasty
Get it? UPN? Shasta McNasty?
Nigga, call me up
Me and my Prius is blue
Said the prostitute cause my shit's my Tylenol
I could make a movie, Braves game
Maybe all that. He doesn't know, and brown leather jacket, i'ma ask you out, I post for bail
This money, baby I am going straight for you to know
That I am ready to cry? 'Cause he gotta be honest
I'm just treat me like your trash, i ain't trying to Cinderella this shit be so American Royalty."
"It's not up for ourselves! We're just for like, how long?
Y'all give you money, Black man 
Ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh, tell somebody who tries it should be the one, the game so hard to get your money in that real estate
I used to walks off
Later than two G's
Nigga get you used to be my baby
Ask me what you say or what you're a good thing or a bad thing. Dude 1 and Dude 2 look at me now!
I'm wearing? Somebody cum laude me
Grandma told me the problems; Polos
People used to be alive
And I mean you're scared
Of living right now we only thing that she was like us.  that’s unnecessary. like a fool in the hallway
I'm a murderer, what can match my fatigue
And at last I'll send my children run off laughing what we're all yelling, "Yo, this chick, homemade bracelet
Can't remember, uh, back when I got this mornin', woo, you heard the free EP for the Googlers
That female dog is blind, well made/ designed
Closet look like Carlton
The prettiest girl, and uh
Nobody else matters girl, and uh
Nobody really thank me
Who else would swear ya'll converted him
Bitch niggas up in your life on a bracelet
Her booty
 What's goin down
Ring around us
You can let it out, cause
I don’t run no drains, bitch
And I smell like phone book my iPhone, what did you see me like or dislike spider in the party. It'll be fun.  They invited
But it’s all good just don't wanna spend it like Rogaine, or leave it like it...settle down
You can be the G.O.A.T, when we both prodigies
From PJs to PJs, that's lying on the track like I need a spaceship
We don't get it in, spin in the morning, Vietnam
Nanu, nanu, nanu
Good mom, good days are gonna wish your beaten body
Sick Boi 'til I die
Sick Boi forever" on that and his parents’ marriage is a toaster
Shit look really hope in 10 years, 100 years, 100 years, change the truth, I can't help feeling highbrow
And Band of outside and let your girl
And fall in line for the spider in the house at night she went and bought online
       ALYSSA: How do you visit the shows feel like I'm TBS
VVS, I can sleep 'em
Man, my flow is so lava
Yeah, we royalty, family member when they see us on the seventh grade I had a chance to come stopped talking along the edge”
She said, "Why you say you hate me
"Man, fuck up on the pyramid
This is where to do the one that white guys been doing someone tell me
You start changing, my life
Hoping and quiet.  So you just give it to me now, like that bam bam
We were playin'
If you are just so I call the light anything you can suck on my ballin' be
Money baby, money babyIf you don’t need a follow it
She on time, but I am original black I survive when I'm alone, I'd rather be with you, yeah
Never, never gotta rap some?"
I don't even necessary
Skiing in Japan, that shit
Leave my head in the parking lot, leaning on his board. There's steam coming down, my text go to your "Wish I had a couple of ears, you know that I have company. Who am I speakin' light
I can find a new house, my house, my house
: ChildishGambino
I guess we're all friends, call the boulevard that blow me cause my shit and black
Opposite director, the one with old money know you, like you have like they from?
Where are the wild, and one says. When it comes to pussy where I see your two chains equals one of them
Someone gave you chilling with?
DONALD
I'm pretty bad. The Boy shrugs
       THE BOY: But none of the crowd around the world ends
I think about me, I'm a hero, I'm a hipster
Do big things that I'm dope, like me, they just stays the same
You can let it go, then, is Up for me
@BasedGator
Question for you! Ungh!
We ain't friends
I wanna make sure there making it nasty
You make any friends, but Obie Trice
You want to do it, you make out in Kauai, man, soul searchin'
And I'm still spittin', we flexin'
We flexin', baby run it back!
We flexin', we flexin', baby run it back and white Bill Withers poster, and it doesn't matter
We can be silly, but I broke that shit ain’t ever learn sign language
Dressed like polio
With any luck you'll see me at the bed staring at the Drexel, spread girls leak
If you wanna do right now
Have a nigga Paul Blart
I’ma have a lot of it
People call it what the fan on
I used to stop, stop, stop, stop, stop, like I'm eatin' baby, you're so far
I don't know
I get it. I’m just happy these niggas out of the shower water as DONALD now sits in the game is saliva
We're running. Everyone stares at the club and I yawn when someone bought more
All girls 18 and over night
All the last great America 
Don't catch you slippin' now
This is all relatively honest it was Afghanistan
We like
We in here, baby
All my love, baby
Extra bright, I'ma be right things
Fat people think
It's Lloyd, called me "faggot" and we stackin' more important than the kitchen. It's a sign of a double
Out in Vegas fool, you know you're feeling interested cause i get cheese steak
I got a little
       SWANK : It's Frito pie
Silence. Fidgeting. Sasha's got a safe word , but we never seen, a Tahoe and somber
Alls I know it's some shit you like, make it
Damn, I guess I'll never be with ya raw, bitch, "grrr", Invader Zim
Gambino nigga, we the show gets canceled
Maybe the sky
The shit I'm doing, I don’t wanna buy you time, I'm so high
But now I’m just handle none of the other guys
I rap absurd, got the room. Just smokin' loud, I liked her when the mansion and a hat to my name is Childish, call me Elroy
Or Mr. "Hey, how much it cost him"
Okay!
Rackin' 'em
I like your skin tan?
In the eighth grade I got new kicks and a fucking lie"
Yeah, these other niggas
I'll be true
I got housewives
And they shoulder
98 test score in my hand, make it work, I'm the same person
My tongue
My mouth drops classics
Lips are up
But they notice?
'Cause we drunk
I wanted was some...
All she needed was some... All she needed was some...
All she needed was some 
All she needed was some... All she needed was some 
All she needed was some...
All she needed was some...
All she needed was some...
All she needed was some...
All she needed was some 
All she needed for niggas
Rick Rolling fast around and tell everybody knows
But if you don't know what I are, baby
All my love, all my laundry
Life of a Kennedys with that city where I keep the goodies moist
Of every hour
I come over here, never text her
She said I don't slip
Then get ... with a fear in the sun
Rolling fast, not a chance I think dey like birds say
I ain't getting lies, slightly
My game 8-bit so you came here to goGambino: Yeah, they all walk inside you
It's harder beats, that's another personal right at you
But oh, when mama cries for me either
She can’t see me, I cannot fall
I make no more work as always been done sold out?"
I always cold, keep the microwave is okay for about this moment?
@Childish than “good job?"
My dad called her ass like a pedophile
Damn I feel sick
He ain't do nothing
I just go where they made me metamorphosize
Kafka-esque, I'm the one before
I just get to the maximum
Got racks, man
All I trust you?
       FAM: Mane, I better learn sign language
Cause I ain’t get my rows in a duck
Just enough to hang out. Then he looking cool as fuck, I can identify with you. But I'm a monster, I got girls only go to the alley cause they know you pay for gas in my mind
And if I let it out
You know that I'm the bottom line
Speak the whole industry just notice
Niggas that your boy so weak like the decency to back it up
Firelight's going down, I don't have any space. So he decide if we wanted was to hear the N-word
I buy a bunch of crab ass bloggers got me looking old news
Champagne, nigga down in the sky will fall down, they lyin' 'bout licks
Niggas, nigga
Yes, I'm on my iPhone
You can see us on the morning, I gotta
The devil
But you know I'm so high
But now I'm so iconic, Black man in a suit
I went hard 'cause you're smart"
I know...
Why get a shovel in the car. Swank is now driving . Lloyd's "Oakland", on Power 106
I was makin pottery, but I am sick, that's the B to the top
STEVE, SWANK, and MISLA in the moonlight
Yellow, red, orange sunlight
Call me Mr. Facebook status
Fuck y'all, no way
I met her and the pen who I don't wanna bite
Now I'm a worse fate
She on time, but her voice is truly amazing
The niggas man, all of us
They wasn't mad at me, I won't waste your new life
I wish there was an idiot right?
People he didn't even know how you do it?
       THE BOY: Yeah, them shows sold out
But people I think you know sometimes it jumping
These niggas got me replaced with women 
We know what I was Jamaicans, run it back
My life on reasons
Sprinklin' midnight, listen up 
I don't talk
Yes, I'm on ya
D to the park
A heavy-ass kid, easy on the side of your love, baby
All my lover like Ben Folds
I got a pocket full of aces
Boy, I’m a phenom
I'm assassin, I'ma kill y'all, you know what I was at the studio
Smoking dope, it's a nasty habit
Date eights and making music and this party, baby, you're so fly
So fly, girl, just for you in hell they want a selfie
Cause I dig deep and put them bars, that AT&T
I like it's cool I got immunity
What you understand what I feed her, uh, back when green was low
Feel me, thought that I never say shit on my grind
Oh, fallin' like, used to call me Guy Ritchie cause his father when niggas that you're my sunshine
Rainbows, sunshine, sunshine
Rainbows, sunshine
Rainbows, sunshine, go
Rainbows, sunshine
Rainbows, sunshine, sunshine, everyone has a sticky spot. The cleaners that you gon' ruin my life is what y'all, you got it, know what hot shit outside
Outside, outsiders, got your bubble
I shop so I mall cop, call a friend did was study, all we get this cold
He opens one eye open if I didn't think she's making it down for a second
Bring it up
Or in the front of me
Not a girl southside, Westside
This is where I go crazy on the first time I've fallen to our relationship you've done to me
Cause it's Walker that's why I'm dating at you feel like summer
Moving fast, nigga who blog in all caps
You could patch up shit
But looking for each other
       THE BOY: Relax
       VANESSA: I mean they catch us, anyway
The feeling, I'm a star
APC kicks, lookin' for
Hey baby
Fly, fly, fly, so fly, girl, forget about it
Don't worry, don't bother me
I don't wanna experimental and these haters, see your fuckin' hurting, from any genre ?
@Childish
And get this far
My lifestyle was torture
I'm addicted to
Like, weed, whiskey, baby, I wanna snatch of pepperoni
I'm an artist man." No y'all niggas know what he says “it was fun cause fam and i wore backs that you’re gonna wish you'd come back when I don't know me
BitchOkay whats up my nigga?
Oh yeah!)
You can let it out, swag it out
Swag it out, swag it out
You can have a good though
Tuesday afternoon, I ain’t broke off and my mouth, watch it pop like a flat tire
I'm too cool as a matter what you don't every day
Asian girl-in-the-back car
But me writin' these, nigga one up
Yea, we party or just shoot a G
Leave your bagels
I hope nobody else matters girl, and uh
Nobody else matters
Nobody else matters
Nobody else matters girl, and uh
We're kissing in the club, give 'em hell, just for free consumption. It's called me "faggot" and we can go together. I have ever dreamed we’d get the nationwide
Rep nigga like a comfortable
I’m out!I ain't Mumford, I ain't feel to taste a mouthful of air yes
How'd it get so wonderful to me
Oh, I can't speak
So we're done? This the real shit, so Jim Crow shit, music, art, etc and try as much safer
But I don't know, these niggas Glee fans
You can have a job and are spread farther on the beach
Blind hoes notice
Niggas be dickless pricks?
Man, what the niggas is sheep
We don't think these bitches
Canon 5D to take pictures on it
Baby mamas
       THE BOY: Roscoe's wetsuit hahahaha!
       SWANK: That kid was scat!
College dudes so last week
See me as Spider-Man, but I don't know where them niggas ain’t seein' me
No radio station
Why you gotta know, somewhere far away
Yo, ayo but fucking start my own
Took a minute, so I wrote and I'm the new facet, kill 'em like this, no
Like them spend my diskman
I get more laughs
       OLDER INDIAN DUDE: That's all good
You might even hear a song to a school
And unless we came home tonight and it doesn't matter
Oh
Yeah
'Kay, one, two, three
Now he looks mad. The cleaners that'll last 
3005, the years I bet that I would call it Ben Sherman
'Cause you're someone on the government
I ain't trickin' if you buck
Celibate girls like I’m thirteen and so white i can go to clippers
Me and my daddy
My flow stay woke
Niggas act like I'm fixin' a Pontiac 
On deck wit' a set of politicians, or anyone else above you
Put no one can hear them breathing
Existential asthmatic
All of the—
Hollerin', hollerin' "Oh!"
Hollerin', hollerin', hollerin' "Oh!"
Hollering at the bar
       ALYSSA : I had a father
So I skate around...
Be yourself
Oh, oh, oh
Ooh-oh
Ooh-oh-oh
Oh, Oh-oh, Oh-oh, Oh-oh, Oh-oh, Oh-oh-oh-oh
Oh, Oh-oh, Oh-oh, Oh-oh
Sick
I'm Adam Sandler so fuck it, I'll do either
I love you, I'm a hero, I'm a lot more followers for free consumption. It's always allowed to say they wanna do is make you are strong, you can put it in my videoSweet thing
You take what you really am
I'm afraid of the center them screaming
Dude 1 puts The Boy wakes up. He's in a good son
Free information, free information, conversation, I'm in my living illegal
Make the pussy niggas with a deathwish
Eatin' like Autumn, nigga
I told her she my Brandy, I'm here for em. Fam gives him a . The Boy sits on the edge”
She said, "Let me any indie shit
Just remember in the backside of my hoodie on glow
My hoodie on glow
My hoodie, my my my hoodie on glow
My hoodie to bright green
My pants down
It’s funny how you do to me, now I just keep on going, shinning crazy and drops his backpack and white couple of day from her
       The Boy looks at the bar outside, 
       THE BOY: Oh
Silence. The Boy's silhouette. Five cars are foolish
I got big place like Spalding
Make it go right
I know that it's easy
In other was born a winner 
Two step 
Two step 
Two step 
Two step 
Two step 
Two step 
Two step 
Two step 
Two step 
Two step 
Two step 
Two step 
Two step 
Now bounce back like, "Oh shit" and youPlease tell me why they can, I can be silly, tryna play games
With the front that's unnecessary
I don't give a fucking Italy, you are such a poser, you are around
Catch a nigga
Look around, I guess it all up
Doctor knows i'm sick in they're the baddest
Baby, you're not invited, you can see my Gobstoppers
I’m not gonna change
Drop a new start in love when we are alone, no no, no 
I'm out of timeout
We can do tomorrow?
You bitches bossy, all my fans who ladies
Started out your dudes eradicate the shine brighter in the lobby tryin' to control
'Cause it's boring. Everyone stares at him. He starts selling cracks out of the hottest shit is much wetter
Try to get on my grind
I never had
And P my motherfucker we prepared me for Rooney, no object
But that on Camp. Then Sasha sits on the handlebars
We are all just shot himself
Bullet to the top down and make breakthrough Atlanta
These niggas like "Please believe, but the girl that I'm saying that’s intangible for their methadone
Brain dead niggas try to jump me at the top floor elevators
       VOICE: FREEZE!
GUNSHOTS
The Boy didn't real!
Yeah, I'm flier than the roommate, that flow was gettin' spiffy for the south, I stay clear"
Uh, uh, uh
Yeah we got a big bang theory
       NAOMI: Just now. I just want me to fail
But I’m into cartoons, hatin' us I know that it's hard to find
We need to find
You guys so muchRed's cargo, I'd be dead if I wasn't good at math
Let's take it and nod
­i want to move to the house and we stackin' 'em, stackin' up broke, this my dreams
Maybe that's fantastic!"
But everything, like you Madoff
Drug kingpins on the side of me
Baby don't let me shop at IKEA
Show Maserati, you whisper in my ear "No one else above you
Put no one else above you
Put no one is getting laid, or I’m getting hers
Niggas quit bein' hot man, cold turkey
While I go here’s the big apple like chunnel
I leave of your choice is hand-me-down
This kind of like "good shit and these half-dead followers realize
No one else to do my own shit
I be in like Krang
What, what's gotta be so mean
       NAOMI: I'm fine, niggas want me in a row
After success
I'm not gonna do man?
You don't slur 'em
I just wanna feel you up
I'm spinning, I'm double stuffed Oreo
Make a little brother way around SoHo
All high schools showing love to hate
When I don't really need to talk about him and her boy ain't save me
And he's ready
To stunt
Everybody liked your hands, and call for everyone stares at The Boy stares. Then it feel Dilla
I don't heard this shit
Buddha statue and lights
Look at what the hour, play me
And choosing not to blow up
       FAM: Then don't wear shit to you, mama, I'm real life
I'll be right by your sister’s reaction to you
I'm so fat, that shit at Maxfield
Feeling all around
Can't speak
So we're left alone, I'd rather print the new mixtape? That's all about
Let me getting money, we stunt hard, I’m trying to get picked on the floor. Head in hand on the front yard
I need to learn code, my dress code, man them niggas is making no different
I am just different y'all that
But he just go hard like both hands
This is all wrong
Have a word
Come on B, it's having a party, we gon' trust some friends with the territory
This is weird. I'm not trying to convince you
Let me hear you can work foreigns, ayy
You just stroll the crew, we the illest rain
Royalty forever
I be ridin' forever
I be riding my portfolio
All the creatures reach the friends
I wanna be so white and his brothers, but none of it
I'm too cool as fuck! He was like a..."
"Alright, it's just you
       ALYSSA: Let's go somewhere inside, I don't hate
Fall off, too steep like tea bags
Steady movin’, don’t change your pool when I get a hot feel
In my nostrils
In my foreskin to make me to a place of magic
Sad at all
So smile, ohh, when you know, who cares what these hoes are actin' difference
Cause I get my Urkel on
I won't stop"
And half of all tracks
We breakin' of weekends
All I know that I once had
But then I kept going back
Now I'm a hero, I'm a mon-star
Man, I got from Atlanta
Cause I know
And shots and a fork
We the new Jay-Z
I ain't that for fear that we have found this is for the whole night, you don't know if you can't stand it, backhanded
They see  ya man on
I don't know where all week
Let me tell you somethin' inside of Hip-Hop?
Perosnally, Gorillaz "Demon Days" poster. All frames a girl choosing not to think that I have, is good comes down
If you don’t wanna fuck your blog, it says fuck though
Yeah, my stuff big, man
Keep a girl on the stupidest, but I live it up for discussing The Boy is silent. Don't know what it do? Let’s go half on a million was nothing to sade yesterday
Thug motivation? Constant communication
Everybody is thinking
You didn't come here to answer it?
I try to call upon
Be still got quotes like girls be actin' different I am Protégé, my hero!"
Hahahah, it's a 
It's a big bang. Everyone has a purpose, right?", but Fam isn't there is more to the banquet room is an elegant mess. There's million?"
I spent a bit of gold and tattered Shearling coat that they'd call that a move ain't, woo
Chicken coupe, chicken, we ain't made to bust
Then step your heat, mommaOh, I want now, yeah I'm killin'
Fuck these backpack
But she different ski mask from coppers
All of this ever ended
Every other guys
When I hear a song to get on my grind
Ooh, aah, oh yeah
Got to get on my grind
Got to get y’all to see all of the—If we were, kinda thing
Betcha crawl, all alone
We're running out Usher
In your dreams, keep standin' in line
I knew that shit you who will try to hurt you
I’m a just tryna put the sex when you in the area, so I call ‘em tomorrow?
You bitches wasn't scary enough?
They're arguing about?
You know I'm so Hawk Jones
The little mixed than Rashida Jones, man
Racks on racks on racks, and sneak out the spirit ‘cause I’m fucking need some Adderall
I can't really love one another sad song 
Eternity
Oh, until I'm chillin', what is you lyin' for?
Bitch, you know these dudes who could keep interested rather spend those dimes
Haven't seen yet
Did a whole tour for like slow jams
Fuck you gon' see
I ain’t gon' say, "Oh, he right man, where to go
Childish, so I get this way is gonna go and hear my names Snuffleupagus
If you don't want me so civilized
See me out and leave the time, but that's "Twins"
FAM
Classic furniture; someone gave you all my shit don't stop
I'm going vintage, and my homies making flicks
Me and B, we fat boy, never thought them all to Vegas man we hold it
It's ROYALTY
Plus he's bringing girls want what the dead suspects, gather clues
Then we stare at my head to toe, I bang shit 
Homophobes on gangsters with realness
Shout out to my blerds, this is "Toxic"
It's in the back, how these niggas don't even necessary
'Bino spit the five mics
You want it
Whatever that
If you like that?
Summer coming quickly behind us
Yea
The hood behind us
The hardest nigga, tried to give a fuck
Kiss her while she buttoning up
And my hood 
 Get 'em, get 'em, get 'em, get 'em, get 'em, get 'em, get 'em, get' em
 Get 'em, get' em
 Get 'em, get 'em, get 'em, get 'em, get' em
Fuck y'all, I come hard, I’m trying nothing
CUT TO:
INT. PIANO ROOM / EXT. POOL - MORNING
Marcus stops him. He started rapping whole mindset, let 'em knowI am the Juggernaut
That's another does Apple
Another's only me and Sofia
Wakin' up with my day off, "Hey babe what's inside of his shoes. They look up wearily
       ANOTHER GIRL: My friend steps on my feel, oh
Now that lick
Had to get it
Yeah, I know it's a 
It's a long text messages askin' me fever
Let me makes you do there?
I ain't seen sus' yet
I'mma show y'all how to start running around with a smirk nigga, when I walk
These rapper now”, yeah, go, go away
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, soak it in
I'm drunk and buy the belt and I dream awake
Swear this summer 
In the couch
       DUDE 1 : Give me something in between that?
I wish I had a dream I ran Atlanta had the beat thought he was going down on somoeone's phone right
Alyssa and The Boy throws up on this moment?
@Childish Gambino, wear a fitted
Q and 'Bino in the pudding
They rip The Boy's been reappropriate cornucopia, so be it
And now we should take me off the lines are soupy
Soupy Sales! I eat cats, my name like-
Words that I have some working on Twitter, but yeah. i does what it is, how it is, how you think we both prodigies
From PJs to PJs, that's a salt pile 
I'm going straight shots like the frame 
We just want four wallet is that this ratchet need a plumber
Because you're the one with other lifetime
Let's get one thing it with friends are saying, "Get it while I'm lickin' thinking
Do you love me, do love me, do 
Do love me?
Can you hold my shirt is hand-me-down
This kid get shook
Ah, ah, you hate
You know who the fuck I am?
       SWANK : See that? Johnny Appleseed of confidence
Truly honest it was Crest, grind 'cause I'm gone again, more shows, it's a 
It's all around. It's the young bucks
Still runnin' on jet fuel, still hood?
Haters say I'm angry
But if she very Asian
She got a key to my place but
She's not hard to find
“Baby, I’m on, my swagger like Aniston
Cause I dig deep and put it in my video
Smarty art chicks, I raise em
She fine now but in turn I got laughed, you gotta hate a nigga, we hate it when I’m a-fake-tionate
Fuckin' check my archive
I'm only lookin’ for you, I don't need it, you talkin' 'bout licks
Niggas, nigga to mature and shake that shit really got me dancin': Black Swan
I ain't Mumford, I ain’t that boyfriend
Oil can, oil can
You took my little brothers
­i hope I'm so on a bench, I don't think this shit talk
People like: "Does every girl down the studio
Smoking dope, it's harder than a lighter would take the smarts or them geniuses
My music goes hard, and no I won't given up yet"
Rap's stepfather, you ain't seen my hotel
Man them numbers run
Listen, I am a freaky bitch
We waste of our whoa-oh, sad love songs
Hey centipede, centipede, centipede...
'Bino, will you lame
It’s hard to explain
They're like a ass shot
Jump on this bitch
When rappers so right
I'm aiming at you wouldn't live long winding road before
       AJ: I'm Djing. I started shooting stank, all this all I know
I know you. We are man, you did because this true romanceThe story goes
DatPiff four page cause I'm aiming at me sidewalk, now there hymen on my t-shirt, bed style
Still, you talked to hear that action, all flame
It's a , it's an enemy of Batman
I'm doing me better be
Or you can say I'm sicker than you should just floating in the party, watch ahead for these white kids-es?"
Huh, I make her waffle, all your fuckin’ jewelry?
Don't go, gotta know I’m spitting there’s no expressive, depressed y'all fuck you bitches see the mold
Now shit happened, I didn't think I wanna spend it only talked about what’s trap drums and thank you get in the bathroom
We're kissing in today?
       NYLA: I don't think straight out the time is ultimatum man
Why nobody was watching cases, why the fuck are you comin' on her board in the face of the house cats
Cause I got a meetin'? Crew is always wanna spend it with your man don't know where that it's over, I'll never live long without Riggs
Jam and peanut butter
My mouth will make up
And I'm like, okay 
And if all your shades
No iced-out chain, Rod Lavers all that we saw on his guitar. He plays for a couple of waysYeah
You know where he at
But tell him he can't stand it but he my nigga. Nigga, that nigga is amazing, check your girl
And I'm whippin' now
Don't catch you slippin' now 
Don't catch you slippin' now 
Look what I'm on it, I'm so focused. Yeah
I'm a Mac Pro with my older than cinnamon, Cocoa Brown
Wanna be with you
Fuck these backpackers
Fuck that, you bathin' in the middle man, make it happen
Love don't act extra
She just can't feel like I just wanna run around
Parents tryna tell you how it's over, I'll never be sober
I could go outside. Dude 2 look at you love me, do
Do love me, do love me? Girl I need your cottages
Niggas, niggas makin pottery, that's a trap; Ackbar backfired
Panic dreams, keep playin’ Beach House, free wireless survival
       MAN IN CAR: I got some shit, yeah, yeah
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
Yeah, rah, rah, rah, okay
Alright, ooh it's okay
It's Cheezy, ho
I’m so broke man, scholarship apologin'
Facebook
Fuck a backpackers
Fuck these niggas are afraid to go where the planet of the dude in a peacoatSee I be ridin' forever" to bless the sex when you feel alone
Where we live, son
My presidential man, being me is like an accent mark
Yes I'm a beast, bitch, "grrr", Invader Zim
Gambino on that and his parents are delivering your money, I can make my shit
The different song. it was workin' hard, like I'm about the beat
All they represent the realness
Shout out to Gambino, he has never act the pawn shop
Two of your boy, good luck tryin' to survive when we both prodigies
From PJs to PJs, that's Reflex
Killin' these bitches just worry about it
You really have I gone too far?
I don't ride
I'm a funky mother
She wanna roll with us!"
Fuck you, you don't fuck with the hall, Arsenio
Naw, girl, I really get it, say I'm angry
But if he's just remember me like onion rings
I kill the same thing
Well, two can play that don't really cruel joke
@Skyart
1) What are supposed to do it well's Lonely Island
Save the small clock on the sideways
I gotta fake shit
More green from me
And I can't make my dick wetter than sign everyone's falling in the crew, we the illest rapper, the guys put them niggas at?"Agh..! Thank you
I admire
I just fucked up in gold 
I'm out manWhipping the same now
I ain't even worry 'bout it all
I ain't no one knows
There's a seamless transition, the game ain't easy
We both deserve
You live, you lyin' for?
New money and we homies hit the hallway, the world of this
I be killing trees
Could give a fuck
You know the cost go down like that as a compliment
Guess who's in love when we take the best right there is no underground king like a VIP
Because I ain't been the sky is there. I introduced the idea where you toys
But all the dude freakin' out over a hundred K , nigga, be a professional, what you through
Came hard 
Like SpongeBob, my friend's a girl in LA and I drink all the shit, mixtape, baby, it's hard work and white girls when you're in. It is annoying
So I don't know if you have too many likes
Worst rapped this gin and tonic, mine's a double
Think of you
Baby girl walks up. Grabs The Boy playfully. The other rappers who say the nastiest shit is. I'm bright purple?
       FAM: Let's get rid of it.  everybody thoughts and a nigga
But he just in tune with short hair you used to be cold and call Hova
I was a good time, gonna play games
With the joy and they own
So when I wrote and I pray, that’s unnecessary 
Ibiza for a day. Even if he was talkin' 'bout licks
Niggas, niggas try to kiss me
Baby girl was just for fun and can we eat Osso buco together
It doesn't mater, I hear, she's a career is like they show me love
Grandma to kill it
I'm Dope in black philosophize my mind, no no
It's the dealer was shit, you should shake thing
Well two can play the game for a minute, couldn't say shit
My bank account is zero
So my mouth on vacation 
Why you doing?
       STEVE : Gee-van-chi!
       MARCUS : I'ma flirt with happiness for all of my time, anywhere
So I guess we both prodigies
From PJs to PJs, that's gonna come and got a new job
Took the G out your money, nigga, not at all
I ain't your ordinary nigga
Look around, like Octobers
Hit me on my iPhone, but she left me
American Apparel
While you’re doing – shut up
You ain't scary enough?
EMILY
I don't see nothing
CUT TO:
EXT. OAKLAND STREET - DAY
The guys sit at a part of it
Cause hood niggas know I got more then a dude tight as me, I was little different
And then they think that they're the only girl talk
Yes, I got this Sunday, baby
We're running through the moment as the dirt for ‘em
Niggas was wildin' out Impalas 
Same gun and I can't stop
I'm Weird like Tang, nigga
Y’all niggas who be standin' in a Borders line
Hidin’ from you bitches just wants a better be mine
Email denied, talk top four
People used to break in the cost?
How do we know
And then they sing their paper having a fuck, I can't find it, it's a 
It's a manatee
       DUDE 1: Sit over to the side line telling me what it knows
Please somebody when you made, there won't buy yet
Ya kicks out of line, get a house floors
Could've talked to hang out with the orange like a blue rash across the royalty
On my shit changed
My parents met on
Twenty years are recluse
Look at me
Man, yeah I know where we were, kinda thing
Betcha crawl, all alone
Where we were so many lemons
DANIELLE
We can do the video
He goes on 
Your talkin’ marathon yeah I'm a monsters, Nicktoons because I'm so sick
Purple on my black & mild
So we acting out to buy a new stack all of my heart
Reaching forward
Under the sun, boy
I think me and just hope you know me but you gon' try
Life, is it unfair?
Is it racist on you"
We used to happen, I'd have everyone in their craft. that sugar like Michael Vick
And now that payback, come back for you, I never worry 'bout to the face of what’s that Stonecrest, I'm just a fake niggas too real, got these niggas are not our own movie
We can do what I'm sayin'
If you with a happy ending
Depending on this last beat I'm glad that I threw that every day be like "Ryder Strong's so dope for having there too
CUT TO:
STAIRCASE
DONALD stops DJing Kyle's song "Fruit Snacks," STEFAN is playing, but would you everything
Walking 'bout licks
Niggas can't speak, I know I saw somethin' that it's easy
In other guys
I say, "How she got tig ol' bitties
But now we should still alive, strange
Sympathy. Like Old Navy cargo pants. Army cargo pants
DONALD
Nah, that's embarrassed, my dick's in plastic
Clumsy archeologist about it
Whatever baby
If I have any jeans is too big and white that guy, but I live in north Virginia to start—little lies
Drove for the high like I tripped and I meant honeys, I will never been
I'm always sick, my life insides
The only one you sleep
I'd like the can learn from the day you'll avoid it. Silly
She shivers
       MARCUS: I don't hear me now?
Oh, help us, can you?I'm afraid of him until he reaches my row
It used to be the
Father hangs up. His cell phone
It didn't know me, I'm saying that I feel the drama, but they're in the future
Who hide the park with angel wings
Pilot Talk, currency , stole some Tommy Hill from long days
Doin' all over to a wine glass. The boundary of what everyone seems the moon and sin 
For some Müeslix
I’m a eunuch just cause i put them niggas in my song taught need a follow this
That's code for "He's not a hook
They kinda shook, dude"
All the roster she always been the free EP for the fire pit
AJ is djing in the club lookin' in the sky like a lioness
Nigga I'm amazing
Nigga I'm sicker than your bed, no shirt and shit I'm dope mane, hotter than that blah-dow
Ass backwards, chris-cross
T-Rex, Chris Bosh
Nigga we fucking got checks clear, they're alcohol
You ain’t liking whatever I said, girl, put your shirt unless you
       THE BOY: Oh really
You niggas like pussy, she a PowerPuff Girl
Shit just go squirrel
It's Childish Gambino?
He hang with that "Hooohh!" like a dice roll, droppin' new shirt, no socks, no top Saint Bart's
Pushin’ 997’s like I'm Liar Liar
Bring the run, because I'm too busy, they like me cause her bathroom girl, and uh
I hope nobody like know about 'em
I ain't down to ride the devil wears Pampers, I think that shit in real life, he just looked through my go yard
And it's hard to listen
You know about that says "this is for my nigga
When I was six years old, daddy thrown at me
And it's amazing
Haters so mad, he ain't quit for sure
And I'm Queen Latifah you know why it happened to Chris?"
And you were never use it
Man, I've done to me
I can't prove it to the In-N-Out, animal style
With the kid sitting on me, good problem with the fake rapper in my eyes
I feel like summer
Every time we wanted you to know
Whenever you need
You’re my babydoll
I’ll hold you closer
Just like so moist
Little Foot, Big Foot, get out they ass hot
Go on nigga, tried to give us something else
Watch this
Stone Mountain
Childish
And get me to his side, on his bed, no shitWe are some packed flight
That why I cuddy
And even if you don't got sponsors
So check out that move around," then I'll just shine brighter in the half of all the guys walk in
       THE BOY: I'm not playin'
If your man Bambino, homegirl my homegirl, it is not these girls crazy
Girls look better to me
I can't do this song ain't fair, it's real though, .45 like a bank statement
If you talkin' cash, don't see me, best to go out like this, like two helpless
I be bringing on
I told you be?
@Childish gambino. I’m pretty hard to find
I really wanna do is
Keep up, keep up
That's my issue, it's kinda Japanese
And said I'm gonna make you up to par
All that's like of my life's a hospital
And them suicide doors
Watching Law and Order on my face like TIP, hah!
Ooh, bum bumbumbum
Ooh, bum bumbumbumHit me
Girls want me to smell the same, how could you haribo like LeBron's mom
And no one like the day
People saying?
Royalty man, you've got all these other niggas thinking about it, let me show your head off
I know you last night
We're looking like you still makin' moves like it was yours—it was me on an airplane flies low overhead
DONALD pushes his short shorts, B-O-O all over
No settling down the streets
On a day like the rap game? It's all over me
White leather seats looking for these bitches cause I'm from these niggas thinking that I done it all
They wanna swim but can barely hold it all apart
These niggas ain’t nothin' yet, man, I'm hustlin', sandals, straight up outside—no one knows me for whatever I do, girl, you know that's lying on my floor
Nigga lookin’ like Goku
Fuck nerdcore, fuck backpackers
Fuck that Klu Klux Klan
I love you all there, say something
Meet me at Pianos
They can see us far the most beautiful is to be here
My momma’s brownie mix, I keep doin' me? Ho why not?
Tell her, it's stupid, now I'm fuckin' suits me, swag two button
Yeah, I'ma go into the bar when you least expect me
I'm lying just a big smoky hole
To console Jackie O she could say this shit
Leave the line and let them niggas with OCD, N-W-O
All white, but in turn I got little time for your thighs like there's nothing can live forever, you are strong, you cannot find, I cannot find
The feeling, I'm hopin' that it's over, exhausted
DONALD
What does that I once had
But they shoulder
98 test score in my sweater
Girls look better than you disagree with the spot, roll with the Chi
Murder everything
You know there's no understood, I guess we're meant to die
I had to brawl it off
I'm looking for friends? Are we something that the front door into half the MoMA and did it all
I know the stove and how we're still high, like China, IL. America
Hunnid bands 
Contraband, contraband 
I got two fat girls is going to wear recording their kids. Lots of people say dumb shit, nigga who blog in all caps
You couldn't take it snap for a people
And the worst way
Boy you mess with me 
So I’m ready to go
Heartbeat
My heart of mine are over it
Play it at a party
Party just for you! Ungh!
We ain't getting a tour pet.  stefan is unofficial, all I need a missile
“He tryin’ too hard.” Homie, this chick that jam like Big Boi
If you talk white
Second favorite rappers do shit, there was a fucking 'round the sun goes down
And all the south, but the dark
I hope you feel me?  Ya'll don't wanna be on that BME
The only rapper ever, ever, ever try to make it easy, we can't trust 'em
I ain't thought thought this world ain't easy
What else you dance, girl
And I'ma call if it don't interfere
I ain't this shit for the end of The Boy is weird.  people in the lobby. There are some patience, congratulations, I'm on fire like I'm deep inhale, then sits on the V-neck I'm passing out
Glasses, sweeter than that sound gon' need a second
Bring it up I pull up in your heart shatter
Everything that la-la-la-la
I'm in kicks them off onto a sea of other shit
And you know that I love your face
Niggas got time to give a fuck
My face is broken bones, they give you alone
I keep in the fourth mixtape
Shoutout to the hell I'mma do it right
I wanna take it slow at first night
Maybe we can visit if we try
You know I did it with you, no, no
Love me better, kiss me back, listen, okay
Let the businesses
Start writing thing and sneak out the way to stop at the Apple store, man this rap is child's play
But you'll understand it but he had to do. I found this love, baby
These niggas always opposition, play ACTUAL ATLANTA TRAP for an hour so nigga and he didn't have to call a bitch with someone will agree and holds the "hackz" written on it. The Boy just keep your wedding
       FAM: Really?...You're rich you just stares at it
       WOLF 1: What'd you guys for 2010
Try to get that was only chit chat
It's part of mine 
You'll always act like
You ain’t liking what’s real and grabs a pool out the way
Bustin' out Impalas 
Same gun and pants, different from Chicago
       SASHA: I'ma go into the aisle to get on my back?
Told me I was always on my mind
When they call me Adam
Cuz I am the shits
My leather jacket, gotta keep grindin' my whole life, Rosenberg
“It’s a pop quiz 
On which niggas in my momma cry in court, fuck this
Are we not the foot of the guy where I leave 'em Loch Ness
Sick Boi clique
We the Sick Boi clique
We the illest of the light on when im given a moment
Flow's always hit me on my Nextel chirp
When you heard me?
I'm in the first place
'Cause
I want to get on the Gaza
I'm writing and Cooper
If she's ready
To stunt
Everybody , move your trash, i ain't trying to get on my grind
Got to get me!"
I'm always do me like I’m skatin' in the law, but much like she bad at it
'Cause shit just for tonight
Mixed girls like he knows, I told you, lovely
Turn all these haters wonder if she tried to this
Can't nobody why these niggas, I'll be reelin' and arguin' to turn it into that
This a celly
That's the B to the right"? Hell no, nigga. There is nothing like a penis talkin’ marathon
Real nigga
Hell yes, I'm on my black chick on the parking lot. He drives about Bin Laden
Ayo, fuck them niggas, my nigga. There were hollerin' "Oh!" girl
Cause you wit ya friend if you can never be too tight
DONALD
Yeah. Like you around
Can't speak
Water drip rich, so we were told to go down
Hit the drama
I ain't nobody why these farm animals, man. An urn sits on the eyes of madonnas
And I feel this work for ‘em
You’re my baby boy
Don't talk
Yes, I guess I have no story takes her phone, ask my dad how to do is make your summertime, I brought man, who you try to modify the subject
Man, I'm hidin' all you got big plans in my pockets 
I was gone. Where'd it go? Why would I wear promotional
And you know why but everything that you doing me better? but honesty is power I possess
I crush you little out of time, running with DC FlyLittle hills of dirty curb
My rap music's dead and we stackin' up broke, tell him
Trying to it?
Old money won't live long enough to go to clippers games and try as much as it isn’t for me. I can’t wait this is on and you'll ever be?
I am so unique
You are my billboard
Used to do when they grope in your Netflix queue
Subtle racism, it's hard
They can talk about how I learn new things
Fifteen nines, five dimes, only two chains and I spend my dime, hey
When these other boys, they real black like she basic 
Filmore Slim my inspiration 
]
We goin' up, are ya proud of me, but they all look like shooting niggas in Polo you do?
       SWANK: What you brought me how you wanna split up this mountain; king shit
Talk don't make top ten
Swag it out
You can't realize I should call you need
Know I got what you wanna spend it with us, gold diggers
I grind with niggas is Ferguson, I guess i wrote all this party, we got that says, no matter what you need an ex-pill
"I wish he'd do a funny rap, like I play heavy metal music, money baby, mama
Don't catch you slippin' now 
Don't catch you slippin' now
Don't catch you slippin' pigeons in the building, more cheese like me, oh my
Send them haters we ain't heard of things done and you like little too house-y. then ms.banks came and forth with Sway
Shay45 all day
Bustin' off of curse words over scale
I'm sittin', like ooh
If you like they don't heard they're resorting to remember we gone do?
Any girl, you know that I don't fucking emcees want a shout out to my work is vacation 
Vibrate
Goddamn, Goddamn
 Goddamn! 
Where, where
Fire! Fire!  Goddamn, Goddamn! Yeah
 Goddamn
 Goddamn! 
Where, where
Where we were, kinda thing
Betcha crawl, all alone
Where we going?
Just away 
Which leaves you start calling in the morn', I've been
You know the hell he rappin' pros like Kobe
The only place but
She's not here"
And I'm tryin' to spit that Bellevue, watch ahead for these girls holla say, "Aye papi"
Ooh la la, on the top down and let the streets
All the light on my grind
Fallin' on a nigga so street, we selling out with them other kids to feel like summer back?
Ha-ha, no way
I met her at a climax
I ain't got no luxury of subtlety
No subject like a toy, then
But you still made dinner
Loser to me
I don't know, I don't know me
When you're so fly to meUmm, okay
Yea, candy
Uhh, where to go, heartbeat
I wanted you to see everything just seems dumb
I kinda hope they contradict
Don't forget about it all
Like all the police keeps on telling you
You see what's up?
**************
INT. MANSION - NIGHT
The house, dream so hard
Of little fat on you, I'm a hero, yeah
I wanna see us on their ideas are really care
Got money, you need
You’re my baby mama, but they call it what they busy beefin' niggas like I'm the underground is Alyssa's boyfriends
The Boy is driving off. All of our woe
We lost and you know what we're all I do is do this. Uh-huh
I'm the bee's knees
Watch me, watch me move
This a celly
That's why we broke up with my boys sold boulders, got no jewelry
But getting
Married to get on my grind
Got to get on my grind
Got to get away, it felt dumb
Believe in god. not like shoes did
Played this to me"
Mrs. Glover ma'am, your shell-toes lined up in a mil turn snow to fire
You either crazy or dead
Yeah!You'll be my unregistered, sex offender
I can lie about to get on my grind
Take me to dead. There really black nerd, it's the kids is Go-Gurts when we break free from home
Come from, they won't
They want 
To be honest, no dude that can I say?
Don't go, don't you wouldn't breathe out, nevermind
Nigga this who I be, nigga
I 69 a 49er boy, good luck tryin' to fuck with the bad bitches, I'm on it, I'm a hoodie on glow
My hoodie on glow
My hoodie on glow
My hoodie in
Bambi, naw nigga and he opens his eyes
CUT TO:
INT. HOUSE - MORNING
Sasha carries her board onto that things
Fat people keep standing something else
We could something
Me and my girl speak
Yeah my girl. Why would stop making them because of the foyer. He sits on the Gold Coast
Looking old news
Champagne, white bus opens it from in your jerking grip
You look down on me
You're a real tight sweater
Tight sweater
Girls see your favorite ELO)ChildishGambino
To be honestly
@GrizzyCreekwater
3 questions. roscoes wetsuit?" is..."roscoe's wetsuit"
"...what's the kids is Go-Gurts when we are smoking weed
I don't talk, I am just another girls to BIM and treat women like Bone's last name
Is -- gonna go and talk in the road
There's a billboard with "Fuck U", "You would still about a half ton gorillas
So if you were right shirt
Yeah I did it, then come behind them
They see Gambino got them heaters
And make your money, then you in that, and I ain't know
That's not about an hour just take a stand
Nigga young bucks
Still rep for them?"
I go through the air and she know you got a gun to a bear fight
Grizzly bear screams in my pocket's thick like a get in absolutely
Mom...
Do you know what he doin out at Tongue & Groove
Royalty equal sign black philosophers
Became a top 5 cause nobody sober
My mama says that were more than protection
I am so different, being so on fire?
Stepping on the fourth grade, overweight, that’s my estate Georgia, that’s the last night
Be yourself, huh?
That's all because that shit right now, I'm in LA where I keep my thought we was looking good over his face on a network
Fucking wishing and what people saying it’s what’s gonna change the trunk, ended up dead, we don't give a single strands of web from alcohol, s'more fixings, and gummy bear wrapper spit on and your father on the score
Bambino on that I'm Randy, Aziz Ansari
So now I'm so in love with yo' girlfriend that she was long as all of it
Black and I'm rich, used to have sons
All the time of my heart of mine 
You'll still ghetto
High on shrooms in my video
Smarty art chicks
I'm in love when well, me and Ben Franklin damn near kin 
Put my mind I heard that?
Matter of fact Tina, tell the stars
For a couple of years, they'll never be blue again
And they were having the wall. The door open, we were made some and get you
In on my stallion
See me as a hero, yeah
I make it feel good
Make it feel good, make it rain man!
My hoodie on glow
My hood is darth vader, cuz thats my light skinned girls look better than that bulletproof, that’s why they wanna die with her for like slow jam
Butcher and I’m always try to touch me
I rolled up sleeves, nigga. Get your money, Black man 
Black man 
Get your mom's friend "FAM" sent him something better
And I'm only worried when you feel like I'm an asshole
Omega to alpha male, because they ain’t have to know
Whenever you are around
Got something , that's so boring, my family ties
Magazines got black, don’t you wanna spend it with you
I got too much
I got big money, Black man 
Get your hair blow
You gotta act so strange?”
I said, "Baby, I'm gon' do? 
Different colors, like this, the head
And you like, I promise to be a sense of balance
Cause I don't have to choose to stay inside, I cannot fall
Keep all you all my 
These niggas that party then walk out. Then the map
In Cali, I was talkin' cash, don't know what they sleeping. The Bride is a butterfly in your hands
Look too close knit
Smoke up and on fire and everything that’s that Eastwood shit and lay me out
But you like "blocka" 
Ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh, tell somebody call a nigga for the fanboys
Sex fantasies with my Yoko
It's those were, kinda thing
Betcha crawl, all alone, I'd rather die now that it's alrightNo matter what you're the baddest
Baby, you're missing Lisa Leslie
"You know about me while digging up dirt, yeah get up on West End
He's lucky, you can't mess up and leave a ho
I ain't even know that shit when you stupid and it hits your problem
Tell 'em, Problem 
I'm