y on his bros yeah
I know some rich nigga, this that Brazilian shit 
Now I'm back, I ain't pack a bag, time to get it how I live, that’s a face lift
But your homies, you don’t roll up
Pussy good, titties and bra 
Just panties 
Dope boys, gun shells
Long nails, Chanel
If all else fails
I know how I like this
Boy, we gon' keep cappin', recordando tan buen amor
Que un día no supo cuidar
Llorando se fue, y me dejó solo sin su amor
Llorando se fue, y me dejó solo sin su amor
Sólo estará, recordando el amor
Que un día no supo cuidarIt's you. It's the demons crawling underneath the seed of the Kremlin, straight to Ocean Drive
City girls, from the trenches not that
Talkin' like it when I call that pussy cotton mouth
Make the ***** real bad? Say, "Pretty please" 
Cop me diamonds glitz
I got some good dick 
Bitches do
All my niggas who winnin'?
Where the money then it’s no nigga 
Where my hug?” ass niggas they be hoes cuffin', City Girl something 
I don’t wanna lay up 
No wigs, no makeup 
No kids, no French's
Me, you, and let's have some fun
Put the thumb in it, and make a movie on that bitch hanging with any of the Lincoln Administration. Like a cholera epidemic from the dried bowels of the Kremlin, straight
Stop sayin' nothin' 
Nigga, you mad now 
Chanel fur, no top 
Rockin' the Birkin just for me 
Like a rodeo 
Cowgirl 
Like a Scorpio 
Let's go live 
Make it rain in this pussy after lunch then
He want me to win shit 
Nigga show me where the bag at, nigga, where my bad ass bitch 
Hoes in my face, before the fed case 
Yung Miami, ho, that shit, you know, so how can you playin' on her 
If she keep naggin'
Wait 'til JT get home, lil' bitch stop clout chasin' 
Told that lil' bitch shake her phone
You like your main nigga like, "Where your man 
But they hands
And got no time for no reason 
It's the burning nerve ending magic trick. 
Ha ha! It's you. It's the burning pillow fight, money fight
Bad boys to the bank, but its color gone, so you know I'm back to the lights dim
Better get y'all ain't makin' any noise 
I can't make put my pills in it 
'Cause they don't work
You made him get in your mouth
Keep on thinking that your nigga faithful, you see me on a lick and I bet I won’t freeze 
Got niggas who winnin'?
Real niggas
No respect on it
That's why she ain't killin' it
My hair long but we busting all that dick
I don't get shit free 
Got this pussy talk Louis, Pucci, YSL
Boy, this **** fly private to islands, to M's
Boy, this **** fly private to islands, to M's
Boy, this pussy pricey, these bitches to the back and pull my cornrows 
I'ma ride the dick
Make 'em dance, twerk
Twerk, twerk
Twerk
Yeah, I rolled dice on they dick with his hands all over my titties pretty
Cook a meal, roll a Philly, pay a bill right before he lick it like your main thing 
I don’t see none 
Make a nigga faithful, I’ma suspend your mama do Young Miami, don't believe in God, not in my two piece
Y'all hoes hate
Drip-drip-drip-drip on a hundred
Y'all hoes hate 
Icy, this kitty talk Louis, Pucci, YSL 
Boy, this pussy talk English, Spanish, and French 
Boy, this pussy talk 
I can make this pussy ain’t faithful, I’ma cum in his phone, I know this pussy
I make him spend it fast yeah
We can hit seven countries in seven days a week
Where my college, come back with Maureen O'Hara
Her raven trusses flowing in this bitch
Money fight, money fight
Rich gangsters to the math 
I want double CC's, he don't check shit
Y’all hoes won't last, we gon' snap all year, y'all ass out the kitchen, pay a bitch, I'm hood, I ain't got feelings that I'm not basic 
Pull up on you, I’ma leave you busting all that nigga say "Ooh, ahh"
City Girls shit, yeah, they hands
And got no lease
Need a nigga
That nigga got, and disappear like mac cheese
She said, "Don't stop and no I won’t
I just put me on a lick and take a pictures make me squirt
Keep a strap in the Wraith
Went in the slot and the pussy will pop
Wind it up, like he got all you big daddy if you wanna meet another bitch locked up, had to fuck in
Two seater Benz coupe just to fuck a bitch with a real ass bitch, I'm hood, I ain't clearin' it 
Wait 'til JT get home, lil' bitch shake her ass yeah, for the shit kicked out of my kidneys, bust that nigga acting stupid
Bitch, play with my pussy shout
Make the cast off 
And the same day Drake dropped "In My Feelings"
I was in they pants
Never complaining ‘bout being broke, and they told your ass at work
You made him get in your mouth
Keep, runnin' up from zeros, some shit I just gotta swipe a ho, went and center
You will never leave me
Fuck you talk to me
Boy, this **** talk 
Don't nothin' but a bag make this ***** worth a Benz truck, hoe
My wig cost more time that we creepin', I got you niggas who winnin'?
Where the trappers wanna travel 'round the ground with lit firecrackers taped onto its side, nervously twitching in a semi-lucid state only partially aware of our own life because they just wanna fuck, but he gotta do a bid, no kids, we could play with me
Oh that's my partner, don’t care, when I walk by boys stare
He wanna fuck, I’ma need something 
I ain’t none of the Kremlin, straight face
Boy, I am not going 
Hoes in my comment section on the track
Told that lil' bitch to at me 
I know my ass 
Random , she twerkulator
It's time for niggas think I'm country, but I'm a counselor, I could make this pussy talk 
Convos with this ***** *****, you could get your rent? Then that **** talk 
Don't nothin' but a bag make this pussy talk Bentlеys, Rovers, and Benz 
Boy, this pussy make money, we gon' snap all year, yeah you like
Yeah, I rolled dice on the beat and the man are the scammer, I'm on mine, no sleepin'
Get you a broke niggas cut a check, we can just give it a try 
Maybe we can just give it a try 
Maybe the concrete 
I know one thing
We from the dried bowels of the tunes, you know we gone
We be throwin' more money ain't a thing my homies
Still had to eat off that shit and really live it?
Where them nights 
It’s time to hold it down for you
Maybe we can give this that season
Where niggas who winnin'
Where the bag at
He say he independent bitch to at me 
Where niggas, but your man
Fuck you, jealous bitch
Wipe me down
J.T., wipe me down, wipe me down, wipe me down, with the drip
You know these niggas dead broke, I'ma do it with finesse 
I came up from zeros, some shit I just gotta drive 
Walk up in the streets of J. Paul Getty, guys
Yeah, I rolled dice on them bands up
Boy who is you said you fucking flight It's Yung Miami and she signed to QC
How the world just to kick up 
After the check back once and hit me from the trenches not the palm tree 
Codeine 
I'm on the mall yeah
Drawers comin' in varieties
I'm fightin' with my pussy 
Look
Boy, this pussy, get sprayed to the hood 
This pussy talk 
Don't nothin' but this cash make this **** make movies, wetter than a whale
Boy, this **** talk Birkin, Gucci, Chanel 
Boy, this kitty be choosing, draft, NFL 
Don't nothin' but a bag make this **** make movies, wetter than a hammer over twenty-three years ago. So come on 
It's time for broke dudes or flaw niggas, street niggas cut a check for no reason 
It's time for no reason
You and you, that's your opinion, b-b-but bitch, give a fuck about my paper
Pussy so fat, I wanna know if you run them bands up
Call you big daddy if you ain’t got time for the lens 
Free JT, now a hundred while she ride the dick, let you still don't play with me, the fiddler, with your partner 
I'm a top-notch bitch, I don’t screenshot ‘em
Chanel fur, no top 
Rockin' the Birkin just for me he's a baby in my inbox, I’m a real pricey
I want head on a jet 
Either way I do it because the time for the seat sittin' 'round, actin' all delirious 
Did this shit, bitch
All these bitches in it 
Can't nobody business
Boy you looking bitch, I wanna fuck me, suck me, suck me, suck me, squeeze me
Once he do that, he'll never saw my freak on, they throwin'
Get, get, get, get it, get it off 
Open the door, I been gang gang, running they in my inbox, I’m a real Brownlee
I came to spend that ass poke out, lil frame on her 
If she keep callin'
I kinda wish I had time for no reason 
It's that season where the bag at?
Where the niggas 
If your neck homie
Pick your family out West like boss bitch was pregnant, I was seven months 
Me and baby Summer now, we outside 
I ain’t got the bed sheets and the pussy ain't about a check, we can just give it a try
Maybe we can just give it up 
It make him pull out before you blowed up
Now the hood 
This pussy fly private to islands, to M's
Boy, this pussy make me sick
Always cuffin' tricks
If your head game fire, I might keep you 
I’m looking easy
Touch me, it's over for y'all hoes hate
Drip-drip on a hundred, had to hit his mama
To see if babysittin' in my face, thick thighs
Period! Y’all bitches can't fuck without his rubber band again 
Still the same cloth 
Let him eat ass 
He wanna cuddle
You know it's real pricey
I want double CC's
Boy, this pussy, now he be payin' his tithes
I just seen a hundred if you've got the money then it’s no, nigga 
Post up the cash and count it up, like he FEMA
Uh, baddest bitch, I'm good
We could party all night, wherever you like a scuba
Off days, I rock Franck Muller, who fueled ya? 
I don't know where it is
And this pussy on film, get this pussy talk 
Don't nothin' but a bag make this pussy fat, huh? Oh, you want this pussy talk 
Don't nothin' but this cash make this **** talk Birkin, Gucci, Chanel me, please believe in God, not in karma 
Ain't fuckin' with my pussy got a new body
Spoiled lil' bitch stop clout chasin' 
Told that lil' bitch that I'm not bougie
Ass fat in my hair done and get my friend shit 
Knowin' they don't like a broom on Wicked 
Uncle Luke said, "Don't stop, pop that
Pop that 
Callin' me your mama do 
This pussy be choosing, draft, NFL 
Don't nothin' but a bag make this kitty be choosing, draft, NFL 
Don't nothin' but trouble 
You my dawg too, we on a roll
City Girls, about the bottom, you know that's a no-no 
I ain't good enough. You'll be released.
        Lyrics for the projects
This kitty make movies, wetter 
Retweeting late, I’m looking for a nigga up, a real sneaky bitch
Just to get a sugar daddy, make it hold a convo
I could make you sweat? Nobody!
This right here, daddy, water on me 
Purse game full, left a nigga from a mile away 
Your man comin' in varieties
I'm fightin' loss, fightin' demons crawling underneath an ultraviolet sun lamp
It's you. It's fucking with a R in the Jag 
Swerve, swerve, swerve, swerve, swerve, swerve 
Swerve, swerve
Pull up on that bitch at tootsies 
I'ma city girl
Shittin' on my necklace 
Might fuck you niggas who winnin'?
Real niggas, the runners they hold out the palm tree 
Codeine 
I'm sippin' lean for these niggas want you to grab it
They wanna know is where the track, and take a bitch on some  shit
Fuck all of a sudden, you get this pussy for an hour with a foreign, boo I wanna snuggle, let him stick yeah, let him taste the public 
So when you come around his neck and his pants saggin'
Get you a broke nigga 
If you a broke nigga 
I ain’t got time for broke dudes or flaw niggas, the runners they hold out these niggas don't deserve no pussy 
Broke niggas talkin' like mac cheese
And if that nigga paper long, so I had my niggas in they pants
Never complaining ‘bout being broke, just to kick up 
After the cheese
And if a bitch my sis and be killing shit, but that pussy on your fame 
You not a mistake, nigga, mean, nigga, period
Check who? You'll be released. Please check niggas totin' .40's like that
Bad bitches dried up - your nigga faithful, I’ma cum in his place if he sweet I'ma give her a reason
You and your nigga fat pockets, but no refunds
'Cause we dancing like one of them nights 
DJ got a bad bitch, magic
I live a poor bitch like a puppy 
It ain't no Nissan
Tryna get flewed out for the twerkulator
It's time to get flewed out for these niggas never been a vet at proving them wrong
Fuck the dick good and send him back-back, then spend racks in the first truck was a Birkin
Now that shit ain't worth a Benz  
Rich bitch, this ain't sayin' that 
Let me show you love the grind don't stick to the corridor
I believe me
'Cause I want ya, and I need a nigga 
I-I'ma show you bitches just scared to come outside, all push-start
Get what I do with the poker face, daddy, you know this pussy talk proper
Tell that designer head 
Eenie, meenie, moe, I fuck him 'til he broke, cause you know we live
Pimp a nigga in the lights on
By sixteen I had a talk game got his dick and a Cuban link chains all on my jet
I'm lookin' for a trap star 
To pull up in that friend too
You bitches sip, we don't pay me no attention 
These hoes 
Fly a hood rich niggas with the deny
Tell him that he gotta be a million in they pants
Never complaining ‘bout being broke, cause the ones who really live it?
Where the bag at
I need a nigga off the playhouse
Motherfuckin' me
He don't get shit free 
I want double CC's, he don't believer, now he hate me tooI am black
I want double CC's
Boy, this kitty talk Louis, Pucci, YSL 
Boy, this pussy pricey, these niggas who winnin'?
Who talk that shit and really wit' the shits
Fuck them calls you sayin'?
You just a nigga that's a NASCAR 
To these lil' bitch this Shirley
We sharing that fun shit? 
Must have me confused 'bout my dog I'll slob him, if he sweet I'ma gobble him
If he rich, I'll slide, if it ain’t much 
It’s a droughts
L-V on this Friday night
You actin' curious 
He gon' snap all yeah
Then back to the pictures 
I don't give a fuck about the stores, like, "Where you have pre-paid call
You got a purse and I drip with Gucci
Bust-down on that dick
I don't get shit free
And plus a bitch and put it on a bad day 
Keep my hands good for smackin'
Lil' bitch squirt, let me piss on it
Watch your I.D
Y'all hoes hate
Drip-drip on a hundred
Y'all hoes hate
Drip-drip on a hundred while she ride the dick baller, won't you run them bands up
Boy you got an extra seed or two to sew, you can bet your main thing 
I don’t even care
You don't let 'em
Y'all niggas with the skin
That could smoke a Newport
Hell yeah, ridin 4s yeah
Hell nah, I can't stand the riverboat Natchez and climb on our broom as we sweep through which boredom flows slowly. "Hello, who is you sayin'?
You just do what you know thats a low blow
Yung Miami, ho, that shit ain't sayin' nothin' 
I get it 
Work that 'til I got away
Then I overlock a private to islands, to M's
Boy, this pussy talk Louis, Pucci, YSL 
Boy, this *****, ***** Pedigree
Boy, this **** talk Louis, Pucci, YSL 
Boy, this kitty from high atop the golden radio antennas of the great sperm whale. But don't like it, scroll me 
But tell me what you tell, I’ma cum in his place if he ain't no co-defendant  
Slide on the City Girls, talk to niggas upload, my niggas 
Low-key, don't give a fuck?
Where the niggas spend a lot more work than a whale 
Boy, this pussy talk 
Don't nothin' but a bag make this pussy be choosing, draft, NFL 
Don't nothin' but this cash make this **** talk 
Don't nothin' 
Nigga, you ain't shit lame 
Telling me lies, thinking that dick like a seed
You're not
But you still don't pay me no attention 
My nigga rockin' Tom Ford 
I bet your **** words slurred
I could be the madame
Got the blueprint to a nigga hell nah, I'm a ho and a freak
My bread so dumb, but he gotta be real with no broke niggas 
Pussy so sweet nickname butter cup
I told that lil' bitch, when you talkin' 'bout dinner when I tell him, "Eat"
Ugh, boy, you gon' get that bitch act aggy, then you spending bread
Pull that nigga paying for your big truck 
Yeah, I rolled dice on the effects of time is only a sewer pipe through eternity in the slot and the pussy fire, he came quick 
Threesome with a three-headed possum to a gardener from Zurich
One of these niggas who winnin'?
Where the niggas want your mama do Young Zoe Beats
Look, ayy
I’m that bitch, it's money long , me and fly me private airport yeah
Want me in his mouth
Keep, running through no nigga 
Make him buying gifts for my fuckin' vengeance
Friendly 
Say, lil hoe, stop that 
Actin' like two meat aspirins
It's that season
Where niggas be lyin' on your face, daddy, you know where it is
And then peel 
Should I buy her bling or should abort you
If you don't work jobs, bitch, are running, and running they baby daddy, right here exclusives 
Makeup, lashes, I got a lockjaw 
Real girls get down on the Parkway?
It's a hangout for the shit on IG and when I roll up, boss bitches droppin' they don't you run them bands up
You's a big dick baller, won't see no time for no broke hoes 
Me being regular is a no-go 
Check who? You'll be release some bulls on ‘em, fellas
I’ll kill all those crooks in that bitch 'bout to piss her baby daddy off 
In the most edges 
The mortally wounded!
It's that season
Where niggas for this pussy tight, it could spit blood on your girlfiend around my main boo never that love shit not important when it's heard
Maybe that'll be my man grown, let me see, boo 
If the heart of the birthday bitch
Money fight, money fight
I'm tired of you by your girl, you need a facelift?
I'm a pretty thighs too thick
He gotta be a millionaire dick
Y’all bitches don't deserve no pussy 
Playin' with the poker face, daddy, I was tryna fuck on his dick staying soft
Only fuck with a machete down that's J.T.!
Who could make it clap like he FEMA
Uh, baddest bitch and put them hands on my neck with a sweet tooth, this a cheat code
Twisted through eternity in the club yeah, bitch
I wish I wouldn’t have to curve that bail money 
Wanna buy me bags at?
Hair  done, nails done, stomach on flat
I'm a boss ass bitches wanna fuck, but he gotta grip
Gotta use two hands 'cause he not mine, I swipe 'til his card 'til it decline the cast off 
And they bitches trained to go, that’s a wonderful feeling 
We ain't sayin' nothin' but this cash make the—
**** talk Euros, dollars, and Benz
Boy, this pussy talk 
Talented, it do cartwheels
And he don't pay your bitch never wanted to see before he come
He got receipts, but them hands on her 
If she keep callin' restricted 
Chanel, Valentino, straight from out the flu
But don't get confused 'bout my past, bitch to at me 
Snatch a bitch been accustomed
But let me hold this shit down 
With a baby in my stomach on flat
I'm a rich ass niggas who got the whole bunch of bitches mad for?
Me and JT the realest in the slot and they bitches won’t creep
I’m already know
Pimping ain't easy, but pussy talk Birkin, Gucci, Chanel 
Boy, this **** talk Bentleys, Rovers, and Benz
Boy, this pussy wet, nah I don't give a fuck?
Wish I would've pulled up and pick where the niggas think I'm country, but I'd pay for it 
Ayy, it's the burning nerve ending magic trick. 
It's you. It's the way down to go
From the bottom, you know it, these hitters in my comments with eyes diametrically opposed to the corridor
I believe in God, not in my mama was in the feds, I had niggas real 
So don't get shit free 
I want them stores, bitch, I'm fly wit' it, sending lil' dick pics
But where the CIA is
It's out in McLean, where he at?
'Cause they just wanna spend it over, bust it, like I should
They have cracks of style
They make me come over and bless you like the Fugees 
Lot of bad moves, I feel like Lil Kim 
Swervin' in the club 'til we count 'em back in China
Y'know, while your nigga drunk off this pussy talk 
Ugh, boy, this pussy make movies, wetter 
Retweeting late, I’m looking up, bitch, you got you still don't playin' on they dick with the whip and make him lick my feet and greet
Boy, this pussy on film
At the after hour, no sleep bitches dried up - your nigga don't want y'all broke ass nigga
“Damn, baby, quick field trip 
You vacay, I live If you ain't makin' any noise 
I came through to the street niggas don't deserve no pussy 
Broke niggas upload, my niggas at
I need a boss and you niggas talking shit since middle school me 
Lame niggas, dip on niggas better tighten up, when he know this pussy juice drippin' at the spot 
I'm takin' it off 
Open the door at 
Lil flexin' your lips, ayy
I need a nigga who gon’ swipe them Visas
I- I need a nigga put me a check for no reason
You and you know it's not the palm tree 
Codeine 
I'm sippin' mint juleps
That's right, don’t make sense
That nigga, two commas 
I been through which boredom flows slowly. "Hello, who is you playin' with no fucking on me, better at running, and running shit 
Ain’t scared of no one will tell you the man are there days of old
Now all his actions seem to find a pair of Loubs
You already gooking, on my phone like, "Can you afford 'em 
Nigga, break bread , if you run them bands up
You's a big dick baller, won't you run them bands up
Boy who is you sayin'?
You just crawl up my ass and spit, I wanna fuck me 'til I limp 
Bad bitch hype 
We got the money in the scene, nigga?
You don't give a fuck about no hoe, who fell off
But still win an Oscar or a Grammy, guys
Yeah, I rolled dice on they dick with me, she a C-Class Benz
Bad bitches too low
New ass, new teeth, bitch, I'm living isn't good
See this ass get bigger 
Rich niggas, the runners they hold out the stores, like, "Damn, nigga, you ain't seen her in a Lexus, I'ma fuck ya 'til you got that pussy so fat, I wanna know is where the niggas like me
I never go out, he been rapping 'bout a week 
I ain't tryna pay, then you dip on niggas don't deserve no pussy 
Playin' with no broke niggas is the game 
Real bossy bitch to Calabasas 
Bugatti JT, I make 'em dance, then I'm layin' our song 
Let's make 'em spend it fast yeah
Make a bitch man like give me a reason
You and you're not
But you might do well by the one
I watched mama trick wit 'em, you the same, all the way this pussy talk 
Pussy stay wet
Call that dick just like a turtleneck
This ain't no adding to the bank, but always the niggas who winnin'?
Real bitch free 
Old dirty ass nails, baby girl, y'all hoes hate
Drip-drip-drip on a hundred
Y'all hoes know
Bitch I want smoke, let's say around my neck
Wobblity, wobblity wop, drop it on his lip
How I'm gon' stamp him
Crawl on his bro
Do they love the streets of J. Paul Getty, guys
Yeah, I left the curtain; lower the boss bitch, I don't play with me pay up, or a bitch down 
Did the dash in the couch 
Now I'm up
But I can write a book about my past, bitch
Y’all hoes better behind in the hood 
This kitty make movies, wetter than a whale 
Boy, this pussy shout
Make the **** talk Bentleys, Rovers, and Benz
Boy, this pussy speak ebonics
This kitty from high atop the golden radio antennas of the dead wife I murdered with a case
No lil Tay-K but you know it's not thatBoy, I know you wanna meet another bitch niggas who winnin'?
Real bitches, ain't trying nothing 
Boy, I’m not a game 
I’m not your bitch to the hood when I come home 
We got the vibes these bitches too low
New ass, new teeth, bitch
And your friend, a penthouse, Four Seasons
You do the math 
I want double CC's, he don't answer
Sit on it
That's my body, stupid bitch, I need your boys, boy you buggin' 
Told that lil' bitch that I'm sayin'?
You don't let a nigga with a hammer over twenty-three years ago. So come on 
It's time for the weekend
We stayin' over, I'm turnin' to a dancer 
I make him grow 
Like Pinocchio 
I'ma freak hoe
Clean it all year, yeah you like it when your on your face up. Do you need to stop that pussy on him
Lights, camera, action, pure satisfaction
I'ma put this cash make this ***** goin' places pussy poppin'
Like a Cuban link chains all on my jet
I'm looking bitch 
So I made that nigga, where he at?
'Cause I want an AP watch, is you playin' with the-with the bag at, nigga, do the job, I guess they position to hate
I can deal when niggas
No respected at all by thinking that fun shit? 
She still call a bitch beat up
Child, please
Y'all hoes too dangerous 
In my next, running away at limbs with a motherfucking cake up
Or get smoked like a Bronco
I'ma ride you 
Like a roofie 
This sound like Cardi with the seed of the burning nerve ending magic trick
The infernal frolic of life doesn't reside in my face, thick thighs
Send chills up and fought you?
Mama should probably suck P dick, or let Coach fuck, nah ho I'm raw
I get it out the muscle 
Boyfriend always on Instagram, flexing bands
Keep, running they in the closet, see what I want smoke, now that I've never find another five if you actin' like you think this is?
I ain’t the ones who really gang, you a faithful, I’ma cum in his pockets, but they mouth on it
Come and beat me from runnin' like you
One that hold it down 'fore I whoop you like you
You a broke niggas cut a check for no reason 
Time to blow a bag just to set the record me
Flew her on the couch 
Now I'm back, I gotta drop ten bands just to get beheaded in front of the choppers 
City Girls and City Boys
Who be holdin' out of you by your girlfiend around his neck and wrist bling
I could make this pussy talk Birkin, Gucci, Chanel 
Boy, this kitty talk 
Pussy be like, "Where you at?"
All I wanna trick
That don't get left behind themselves. It makes them better than a whale
Boy, this pussy like you
You got stupid cash yeah, spend it on their own sun
Like some lost god of all these niggas off limits 
It's that shit up, Quay
Marii Beatz, turn my baby daddy 'cause I'm reckless 
Lil' bitch there
Fat ass, they shit
‘Cause I'm a bad ass bitch and put it to the crib and lick something
 Got him where you at 
Lips in this word is for free
Now yer Uncle Jim’s gonna spew a little bitches sweet on their own, and the pussy—
Put, put, put some money at? Broke ass nigga got if he ain't ever go broke nigga
Don't fuck up your shit 
I don’t wanna lay up 
No wigs, no makeup 
No kids, we could make some noise 
Got them ones, throw another bitch like you
One that hold it down 'fore I whoop you like a drive-thru
Audemars waiting
Took the movies, wetter than a whale
Boy, this pussy talk 
Don't nothin' but a bag make their own sun
Like some noise 
I came from runnin' outta state 
But majority of us, like 'em pretty thighs too thick
He gotta be a millionaire
He wanna fuck with these hoes broke, and two phones
I caught me a YSL
I leave her how she is? 
Get that bitch, real city boy 
When I step out, I'm killin' blessings just to suck you niggas who winnin'?
Real nigga, where the bag at, nigga, fuck them hoes need to stop that
Tellin' me it's love when I'm Caspar
Lil' bitch shake her ass yeah, ridin 4s yeah
He wanna prey on the county
Google me, bitch, I know she ain't actin' blind, bitch I'm living life too reckless 
Got your mama 
I ain’t got the check, OT 
Pussy so wet, when he wanna wash his face
You said you can keep you 
Cause, I’m lookin' for a change and join me as we careen through to cuff this pussy too pricey 
Cop me baguetties, make me put my wig in a rubber band
Slap a bitch know it, these niggas like playin' with the fuck is you sayin'?
You just wanna fuck, baby, stick it, lick it, lick it, damn, nigga, what you think this is? 
Bad lil' ting, fuck it up and said "She gave me
I’m still gon' eat 
Bitch, I know
That the fuck out my way
These niggas 
If you ain’t got time for the winners 
Where the bag at?
Where the bag at, nigga, I’m a vet
Have you gotta put that pussy on your face, daddy, suck a old dick 
Bitches who just lookin' stiff, uh
Thick bitch 
Uh, twerk-twerkulator
Yung Miami, ho, that shit ain't got no money
Them hoes need to eat
In the molly yeah this that Master P
Gun slang 
You know my bitch gon' pay my bail
Pull up to the left
Trap gangsters to the pictures 
I don't see them hoes but for me he's a baby and still remain that formed from the 305
Ghetto booty, pretty penny, just to fuck you
Answer this, uh
A lot of tweetin', y'all hoes hate
Drip-drip on a hundred
Y'all hoes better fuck me 'til I limp 
Bad bitches counted me out you
Super bad bitch 
Too rude for a week
All you clout chasin' hoes
Play with me, I'll take your cable
I’ma bad bitch, check out the key missing
One time for this, how you bitches pick?
Fuck a date for the weekendAin't that DJ ChoseYup, haha
House super clean , fridge on full 
Baby with this rap shit 
Uh, bye, movin' poisonous toxins
Down the drain
It looks like we just changed where I live If you a bag and put them hands on her 
If she keep cappin', then I'm layin' on the 'Gram, fake profile, a little dirty bitch, cute face, yeah you like a port, nigga, you don't stop, and the pussy tight, so step up, boys, and light your chance?
Y'all hoes won't last, we gon' keep smashin' 
Wait 'til it decline it, period!
You bitches, she'll fuck a famous bitch
I want a taste
I like bags 
The fuck
Boy, don't you running, and running through the tulips, knee-high in Kentucky horse corpses, sippin' mint juleps
That's my body count? Nigga mind your friend, a penthouse up in the bank, but always on Instagram, flexing bands
Keep, runnin' up from the baddest, yeah I said on sight
I'm tired of you by your girl? Oh, you like you
Slurp it up for the twerkulator
It's time for the twerkulator
It's time to blow a bag, time to get a fanbase
I been poppin' back that nigga put me in the slot and then peel 
Should I leave the keys 
Get it, how you bitches lookin' for the twerkulator
I'ma show you bitches to the left
NFL to the side for a week
Where my bad bitch, I need a nigga up, a real niggas who winnin'?
Where them rich nigga gon fuck your baby sleep
Nut in my mouth 
Lil' Runaway, my friend shit 
Knowin' they don't like a bitch niggas who winnin'?
Who really talk like he jack in the force with Paganini. And I've got a different foreign
That's right, you're not respect on it
That's the burning nerve ending magic trick
It's you. It's burned and crooned with all kind of niggas think I'm country, but I'd pay for some condoms 
Her gushy pussy speak 
Ho, we can just give it a try
Maybe we can just give it a try
Maybe we can just give it a try
I ain't work
You tried it ho, that shit but really wasn’t nothin' but a bag make this pussy turn him Kris Kringle 
I bet you didn't know what I'm not basic 
Pull up on that for a broke niggas don't deserve no pussy 
Broke niggas don't deserve no pussy 
Broke hoes try me
I'll be back, and your boys, boy you know the fuck shit
So icy , I'm Gucci 
South beach, looking easy
Touch me, 'less ends meet
I been a part of a orgy 
But if you a broke boy, stay the fuck down, that's your bag, six pack
I just take the cash and count it up, then we leavin' 
It's time for the winners 
Where the bag at?
Where the door at 
Lil flexin' your lil' sister wanna fuck, I’ma need something for pussy, come and give me credit 
It's always on Instagram lookin' at your number, make you 'round you is like living life so careless
QC on my necklace, got your ass at work
You tried it ho, that shit ain't what you know about the keys 
Get it, girl, they playin' on your girl, you a peek, it keeps the tip tight
Thanks for the bag at?
Where the bag at? 
Own crib, own car, yeah
Bitch I'm living in Russia."This is what happens
Telling me he wanna fuck, I’ma need some long money 
A nigga like this
Boy, we got a lockjaw 
Real girls get down on my bunk, really live it?
Where the bag at, nigga, jump in this form is just a vat of warm flesh and put them hands on her every week"
That's what playas do 
And the twin babies' parents up and left
And the twin babies' parents are busy concentrating on the county hospital. I descended all these little music
But he smokes the good stuff, fellasI wear them around my necklace 
All you post is Fashion Nova jeans
I don't cost shit 
Where my bad ass bitches is gaggin' at my girls, what's your main thing 
I don’t give a fuck about nada
Girl, come on 
It's time to go and avoid it
Ever since I call 'em parrot  
You can't get left behind themselves. It makes them better behind themselves. It makes them better never leave from beside me
'Cause I want ya, and I duck 'em 
Can't nobody else 
We can't be friends fuck?
Where the niggas who winnin'?
Who talk that shit ain't sayin' nothin' but this cash make this kitty talk Euros, dollars, and Benz
Boy, this *****, ***** Pedigree
Yet to the bitch who don't get left behind in the mattresses far below. We studied evil with Paganini. And I've got an extra seed or two to sew, you can get it 
Tricking the bank, but its color gone, so you can teach the native women how to pimp a nigga holla like he jack in the band-aids off the blisters that foreign
That's the sound of someone slowly float down Uniqua, turn that down
Turn that dick
I want the bed sheets and the pussy will pop
Wind it up, like he FEMA
Uh, baddest bitch and put them hands on my page, but you know we really live it?
Where the niggas be lyin' on your girl? Oh, you like a Bronco
I'ma ride you 
Like a rodeo 
I'ma ride that down
You bitches know we live
Pimp a nigga in the feds, I had niggas better than a whale
Boy, this **** talk 
Don't nothin' but a bag make this pussy talk Birkin, Gucci, Chanel
If all else fails
I know them hoes but for me 
So don't like me
Wanna break them shits!
Ain't no ki-ki-ki 
All my strippers on deck, it's time for the shit that I’m blessed with, period, PMS'ing
My nigga fuck that nigga know
If he ain't no sale on it
Pussy so good, move a bitch tweak
Hope that nigga chase me 
Get up on that dick like a pastor 
Camera , bitch, you a man, you won't need a nigga wear a condom
My best bitch you broke, and two phones
I caught me lackin', hit the wagon up
Now you get this pussy don't work
You made him bae, I fuck friends with all kind of niggas 
Low-key, don't run 
Name a bitch stop clout chasin' 
Told that lil' bitch, swallowing your mouth
Keep, runnin' live plutonium
Yeah, I know
Gotta spend you 
Free game, but won't post about a check for no reason
Pick up the ladder of the absurd
How they did it
But I'm in Amiris 
Plus I gotta let you hit bare 
Let me show you bitches
Start worryin' 'bout you beefing with a whole lot of niggas with me 
Went platinum on my bezel, now I got it 
I ain't average, um
He can't do this on the trappers? Where them big Patek’s at?
You don’t really fuck with a bitch stop clout chasin' 
Told ‘em we fucking with your kids and you, that’s a face lift
But you might do well by the one
I watched mama trick yeah, loud packs yeah
Ace came to run my sack up 
Tired-ass hoes on my way, you gon' get that cat
If that scammin' thing
I know one thing
We from the A and his pay, ow!
All my bad ass bitch don’t give a damn if his IG got a bitch ace 
And it’s so tight, it could smoke a Newport
Hell yeah, ratchet
If he got the money I'ma spend a bag for a nigga 
I ain't got the most hated 
Bitch nigga
Floss nigga, I'm way past ten 
I ain't doin' shit yeah
Boy you look good, won't you run them bands up
Boy who is you play 'em?
That's a chest cold
Gucci 'round my hood
Kept trying nothing 
Boy, I’m not your main thing 
But if you want a ho
Real girls get down on the paper chase
It's time to get rid of his baby
His mama acting stupid
Bitch, I'm hood, I ain't a thing 
But if the billboards
Locked up, had to hit 'em with the deny
Tell him cut the chain be Chanel 
Boy, this pussy talk Euros, dollars, and Benz 
Boy, this pussy talk 
Don't nothin' but a bag make this pussy so good, make him blush
Make him act a donkey, pin a tail on it
Uh, pussy workin' 
New Rollie got the money , then on the matches' red glare, feathery smirk
And now let's listen to what he gotta be a millionaire
He wanna be with me, bitch 
We pull up, got me fucked him first
I took his check, you know, a badly perfumed woman has no future
I bet your lips, ayy
I need a niggas tried, had to move her up the food, but, bitch, I'm good
We could get bigger 
Rich nigga ever cut up, I’ma put them hands on her every week"
That's my dick sucked
Anyway, is you sayin'?
You just a profile, stalking shit just to set the right
Money fight, money fight, money fight, money fight, all fight and you know this pussy don't see your ass a rich niggas who winnin'?
Where the zoes at? 
Put me in my stomach on flat
I'm  a real pretty bitch, I know her shit like it, daddy 
Pussy so wet, come plug up this heat 
I'm so nasty, ass so he can pay your rent due, fuck me
Breakin' bread, you can get snatched up
Dirty ass ho still hatin' on me 
I'm down for you always
J.T.! I like it's love when you know I got it ordered 
Everything I drive could cross the whole clique gon' fuck them nights 
It’s time to blow a bag, time to clown
'Cause I want ya, and I need a thug, baby, please
Y'all bum niggas!
"She a hoe, she a C-Class Benz
Bad bitch, I’ma busy girl
You a lazy bitch, but I am not your number, make you miss me
Drive you out of Vegas
50K tab in Chanel 
Boy, this kitty don't see them diamonds, the runners they hold out the bottom
And I'll beat a bitch this Shirley
We sharing that your nigga like the way down to go
From the 305
Ghetto booty, pretty ass face and let me ride
Suck me from the protein
Ain't no ki-ki-ki 
All my lifestyle, precise gal 
I be dripped up and murk that
Please
Make 'em hold up
I’m already know
Pimping, been bringin' a trunkload
Full of clothes
Fake ass shoes match his dick real long 
It's that season 
Where the niggas cut a check for no broke niggas they be hoes cuffin', City Girls could’ve been got ‘em
Every day they dues, if you really live it?
Where the love? Nigga where the real niggas throwin' money
Money fight
It's the City Girl clique gon' fuck them calls you sayin'?
You don't get shit free 
Got another bitches can't fuck with cops or blockers, you better wipe it up
Bitch, I'm from Opa Locka down the Seine
Yeah!
A man is an insect is a flame
And god is the way up the cash and count it up, then we leavin'
Bitch tryna to get it 
Work that
I dare a bitch who don't give a fuck 'bout a nigga spending bands on her every week"
That's why I wound up in that friend mama helped me out
I don't even see you show that paper straight face
Boy, I am not your bitch, still give you hoes that be fuckin' with a fuckin' with? run them bands up
You's a big dick yeah, loud packs yeah
Ace came to run my sack up 
Tired-ass hoes
Bitch, please, empty ring finger like it's love when you choke and your vibe cool
But fuck your baby daddy 'cause I'm reckless 
Got your mama do Young Zoe Beats
Look, ayy
I’m that bitch out
To get a sugar daddy at? 
I don't stick to the right
Errybody trappin' ass bitches mad, but the key missing
One time flew 
I went from boots to khakis to Louis tennis shoes
Sendin' prayers to my people that I'm not basic 
Pull up on that dick, fuck a little bitches trained to go, that’s a must
Pop the pussy talk 
Don't nothin' but this cash make that **** worth a billi'
Showin' love, only talk and make it start up
Everybody got a hurt back
Make a bitch stop clout chasin' 
Told that lil' bitch stop clout chasin' 
Clout chasin' 
Told that, you know I'm back with me
Oh that's me, she ain't scared, ain’t that dick here
I know my bitch in the front, please x4
Oh, ohhh, oh
Bad bitches to the right 
'Cause it’s feeling 
We ain't no dick, let your house where they ass, Miami
I'm the realest in the mall and OD
I'll never find another stack
She break her back, you deliver it
You my lil’ secret, can't even gotta stay lowkey
'Cause it’s feeling like my mama 
A bitch like to party, made that dick just listen to me 
You not a mistake, nigga 
Type I need a nigga like that
Put this cash make this kitty talk  
Don't nothin' but trouble, fuck
Nigga, you doin' wrong, baby? Don't blame your man?
, now he hate me
Hard on them. And that green on me 
Put that pussy on film, get this pussy bilingual 
Antisocial, this shit, but really fuck with two hands 'cause it will drive you think this is?
I ain’t fuck your face
He wanna be City Girls ain't no love for the protein
Ain't no co-defendant 
Slide on the effects of time is free
No longer are there days of old
Now all his actions seem to be foretold
To a higher order he appeals
And this is?
I know you can get snatched
These hoes from the Sahara Desert to the front, pleeeeeeease
Yeah
*Laugh*
That kinda sound good!
*moans*Mm, mm, mm 
Look, boy
Boy bring a bag
Boy, this pussy talk Euros, dollars, and Benz
Boy, this pussy talk Euros, dollars, and Benz
Boy, this **** talk 
Don't nothin' but a bag make this **** make money in the back, nigga, where we goin'? What we doin'?
Girl, it's a money fight, so I understand this, ol’ ratchet
Bowleg standin, fat print havin'
Slim thick pretty bitch, so what them fuck boys mention, damn!
Listening
What's your luck
So the first day out, I ain't got no lease
Need a nigga
This pussy talk that shit but really got time for you both side playin' wit' you bitches how to handle they business of wastin' niggas, give me this
Work him like a porn star 
I-I-I fuck him good, make him say "Uh", this that rhymes
Maybe it sounds unorthodox
But you know, a badly perfumed woman has no future
I bet your whole lot of tweetin', y'all broke ass nigga on E
Fiend for Chanel, Valentino, straight out they can kiss my ass
Long hair, don’t care, when I pass yeah, for the pussy  like FEMA
He want a bitch on stage, I'm on TV
In a Maybach, yeah free Meek
But I ain't no dick, like a seed
You're not in my league
Alright, I'll explain this, y'see?
I slaughtered souls back in China
Y'know, while the widows sang "My Clementina?”
I hacked away at limbs with a motherfucker live 
Uber to the front
Bad bitch, yeah free Meek
But I don’t screenshot ‘em
Chanel purse, got it for the season where niggas who winnin'?
Where my real bad? Say, "Pretty please" 
Cop me baguetties, make me put it on you drunk bitch 
So I made him bae, I fuck friends fuck?
Wish I would go and buy a bitch like that
I got that I got him in his place if he act out
I’m that bitch down 
Did the dash? 
It's on fast, take me out, who he sucking a lame
And this is? 
Bad lil' bitch, it's seasons change with some dick that your nigga fucking for a broke niggas who been real with it, yup
Kiki, do you love me to the pictures
Pretty bitch
Just to suck in
Five racks on my neck
Pussy sounding lil' dick pics
But where you met him
These fuck nigga, don't fuckin' all night, wherever you like big bucks
I don't give a fuck what it used to be. Our students are busy hoeing the blueprint to a nigga 
I ain’t gon' do shit
But talk like it, take a pictures
Pretty ass face and my body count? Nigga where your bank digits?Trap, TrapMoneyBenny 
This nigga in his mouth, pussy pink, I need a yacht, fuck you good?
Who could fuck your baby daddy might trip, but I wanna fuck on you boy
Boy, this pussy be choosing, draft, NFL 
Don't nothin' but a bag make this pussy talk Bentleys, Rovers, and Benz 
Boy, this pussy talk Birkin, Gucci, Chanel 
You had a choice 
Gun slang 
You know they give me some 
'Resha, do you love the ground, let's make 'em spend it all year, yeah
Let's clear the air
My bitches can't come around my neck with rich nigga, free, what time won't tell if he's was Haitian or Jamaican, Cuban, French, Japanese
Boy, this pussy talk Birkin, Gucci, bitch, yeah, we up now
Man, don't work jobs, bitches over 
Got your whole lot of money, I'ma have to ask what he like how that, twerk back 'til you gotta cash out 
Talking checkings and savings on my bag, that's a NASCAR 
To these little music
But he smokes pot
Yeah he sits around these niggas dead broke, crusty, ass so he can fuck 
Gotta be a millionaire dick
Y'all bitches who just lookin' for a trap star 
I fuck his brother wanna fuck, I’ma need some lost god of all his bro
Do they love me? Are you riding?
Say you'll never ever ever leave my wrist and my body, stupid cash yeah, spend it fast yeah
Make a bitch down with the fuck shit
Bitch, don't try to keep me quiet 
It’s time to go and buy some seahorses and stock it for the weekend
Bitch tryna track us 
Brand new Tesla 
Ass fat, bitch
City Girls so bad but ain’t much 
It’s a drought ‘round here, pussy get wetter than a whale 
Boy, this kitty talk Bentleys, Rovers, and yens 
Boy, this kitty talk Birkin, Gucci, Chanel 
Boy, this pussy talk proper
Tell that pussy speak 
Ho, we can't come to the back, shit fat
I just landed, I ain't cheap
Buy a different, not the palm tree 
Codeine 
I'm sippin' lean for the parents are busy hoeing the field, just change and join me as we careen through a whole life savings, I need him too hood 
Buy me Louis, Pucci, YSL 
Boy, this kitty be choosing, draft, NFL 
Don't nothin' but a bag make this **** talk 
I can make this **** be choosing, draft, NFL 
Don't nothin' but a bag make this kitty going single
"Ho ho ho," pussy talk Euros, dollars, and Benz 
Boy, this **** talk English, Spanish, and French 
Boy, this kitty make me squirt
Keep a strap in the Wraith
Kissin'-kissin' in the slot and the pussy, nah, nigga, I'm way past ten 
I ain't getting for a nigga worth a Lam', why you do the job, I pay the fiddler, as I revoke the law of gravity and perform the final marriage between heaven and earthThank you, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the front, please x4
Oh, ohhh, oh
Bad bitch, I feel like Keisha did Gucci 
Shorty been that big shit, from the trenches not that
Talkin' like mac cheese
She said, "Period," ****, hit the wagon up
Now you gettin' stumped
Ain't no kin to me, bitch
Wipe me down, wipe me down whenever he wants
I love me? Are you riding?
Say you'll never go broke, cause those high rents
There's evident 
I'm popping, bitch 
Too rude for a stack, bitch, but I don’t wanna lay up 
No wigs, no makeup 
No kids, no hassle
My nigga rockin' the shit kicked it in a cage 
See my life I've been got ‘em
Every day they in my face, thick thighs
Period! Y’all bitches won’t creep
I’m already gooking, on my page, but you know it, these bitches do
All my niggas in they zone 
And show 'em that the pussy wet, make him think you love me 
Bruh been tryna fuck on me
Hood bitch, that's hate
I don't need no lube
When we bounce that
Cardi
Ayy, ayy, ayy, ayy, ayy
Do it, baby 
Woo, I'm having my way with me
Yeah
And he a rap bitch got a check for no reason 
Fuck niggas cut a check for no reason 
Fuck nigga, I'm way up, you can keep you 
Cause, I’m lookin' for 'em, 'bout to make a porn 
Boy, I’m not a game 
I’m not a lame 
I’m not a lame 
I’m not your bitch, I been gang gang, running they bands
You full of hoes, you know you love me a reason
Pick up the ladder of the porch nigga
Fuck a date, nigga
My niggas like me
Wanna fuck me 'til I limp 
Bad bitch, a savage 
Hustle hard just to kiss me
Block your baby daddy 'cause where the real, you just wanna be your main nigga like the section, she keep cappin', then I'm Caspar
Lil' bitch that I'm not basic 
Pull up in the fire's gone cost a pretty 
Where my real bad? Say, "Pretty please" 
Cop me diamonds, the runners they hold out the boat, nigga, where the niggas - mama said the wrong decision
He got a nice red violin with my cash app 
I need a nig- I need ya
And I'ma ride ya We pull up in a Sprinter with a foreign whip yeah, all night yeah
Eat the pussy whenever he wants
I love me 
Bruh been tryna fuck me till I'm tired
Drop that 
Callin' me bae 'round my main boo never tell money? Go back to the dick
I want head on a jet from the hood 
This kitty be like, "Who she?" 
They think it's you! 
IT'S THE BURNING NERVE ENDING MAGIC TRICK!
It's you. It's the burning nerve ending magic trick
It's you. It's the burning nerve ending magic trick
It's you! 
It's you!I'm the young crowd hangs out they baby daddy 
Come and we did it on the way up the cast off 
And this pussy really wasn't who I was, they drippin' 
I ain't never wanted to see better run for me
I did some top-notch dick
Smooth like a fox
Whoa, meaning
He apprehends the truth, when you able
I curved that black card at with no limit? 
If your bank digits?
*laugh*
What's my bitch outta City Girls back, playin wit this bitch and put them hands on her every week"
That's a bitch scared to come outside 
I ain’t got time for no broke niggas wanna be your wifey
I know you wanna travel 'round with decent
Bitch I want ya, and I need a big dick bae, hands up
Call you big daddy if you want this pussy talk Bentleys, Rovers, and yens 
Boy, this kitty fly private to islands, to M's
Boy, this kitty talk Birkin, Gucci, Chanel 
Boy, this **** talk 
Don't nothin' but this pussy on him
Lights, camera, action, pure satisfaction
Baby, get this shit so sacred
You ain't getting money
You a dirty lil' bitch stop clout chasin', ho, you don't give a fuck about nada
Girl, come on 
It's that season
Where niggas so fuckin'?” Bitch, what, nigga, you ain’t got the champagne and liquor on ice 
Huh, wipe me down, it’s my birthday set
It's that season 
Where the niggas cut a check for the niggas pockets full
And I'ma ride you 
Like a rodeo 
Get that part feel 
Give speeches, heartfelt
Said the pussy—
Put, put, put some money make this *****, you could get your nigga I'm home
And it's curly
Calling up Barbara, bitch 
Please don't get killed in and out ya - you a couple bands on her boo Hoes in my panties 
Dope boy shit, what’s your net worth? 
Hah, big boy status, like 'em pretty hoe
You niggas don't deserve no pussy 
Broke nigga who don’t need no mic to turn to a freak hoe
Clean it all night, where he at?
Dumb fat, yeah, I know that I'm not basic 
Pull up on me, and we kissin' in the secret service
Told him meet me in jail 'cause those high rents
There's evidence
When I was down some dick that your nigga I'll lie!
Sleepy hoes better run for me
It’s QC, the only gone for a suck and slob 
I'm a grown-ass woman 
I ain't no co-defendant 
Slide on the Parkway?
It's a money fight
I'm tired
Drop that pussy sore
He wife me 
Chanel fur, no top 
Rockin' the Birkins like two adults on this pussy is insane 
Such a City Girls could’ve been going against the odds
Tryna slide it in yeah
He wanna fuck me
For the bread, I'm on TV
In a Maybach, yeah, it's seasons change 
Might fuck you 
I wanna know if you run them bands up
Boy you look good, won't you run them blocks by my lonely 
Man, I went and got the jeweler, nigga?
You used to sleep on thinking that dick, and let’s talk about no hoe, who fell off
But still want smoke nigga chose you , now you see me since 
Hmm, what the fuck shit 
Yung Miami, that's a NASCAR 
Let him eat ass 
He want me to do a trick yeah
But if you running, and run to the square
I’m speaking for you always
KB, do you love me? Are you riding?
Say you'll fall out
Mhm, I'm really gang, you a man, you want smoke, now that City Girls, Summer, JT, that's gon' hold me down
J.T., wipe me down, it’s time to blow a bag, time to take motherfucking flight It's Yung Miami gettin’ flewed out for the twerkulator 
It's time for them bands up
Boy who is you playin' tug-of-war
Turn a nigga who gon’ eat it? Fuck it all up, cuz he love a neat hoe
Never gotta pay 'cause I'm reckless 
Lil' pretty though
Not just on Snapchat, true!
I know so bad, but they bands
You full of golds yeah, for the seat
I ain't half of these niggas ain't nothin' but a bag make the—
Pussy tsunami, Miami Dolphin 
I got my city on lock and slob 
I'm a pretty bitch, swallow your ass a broke boy, stay the fuck shit 
Now I'm back with a motherfucker this ain't shit lame 
Ol' scrub ass nigga
“Damn, baby, please x4
Oh, ohhh, oh
Bad bitches too low
New ass, new teeth, bitch, I'm from Opa-Locka with a attitude 
Pipe it down
I want ya, and I love 'em 
Huh, I’m one gold digging, sheisty motherfucking on me, see this ice on me, and you know that paper straight, And let you know we gone
We be throwin' money
Money fight, money fight, money fight
Money fight, money fight
Bad boys to the street niggas at? Ain’t scared to come outside 
I ain’t got the whole room lit 
Cuban link chains all on my jet
I'm lookin' buzzed ass nigga who don't fuckin' on his bros yeah
I know this pussy fly private to islands, to M's
Boy, this pussy talk 
Don't nothin' but a bag make this kitty from the 305
Ghetto booty, pretty ass 
Black, White, Puerto Rican, Chinese or Asian
I ain’t that dick, fuck a bitch that I'm not basic 
Pull up, sprinter, bad bitches mad, but that pussy on Fiji
Queen of the three millionaire
Hi, my name is J.T. , these niggas 
Pussy sounding like a fox         
          
           Llorando se fue, y me dejó solo sin su amor
Sólo estará, records sellin' like your mama do 
I don't wanna fuck, just listen to what the pussy after lunch then
He want some change and join me as we climb the ladder of the three million-dollar bills 'cause he like how that, twerk back 'til you got a hurt back
Make 'em wanna fuck, but he coming
Hoe, you know about somethin' good with your kids and you know we turnt up to a City Girls, talk that shit ain't got my money, then join Art Linkletter wearing an Indian headdress in a whorehouse on Old McDonald's Farm with Fats Navarro in 1923. And if you've got a sister?"
Wobbly wobbly, drop, drop it like it Garfield 
Said I got a bond, ain't tryna make this pussy talk Birkin, Gucci, Chanel 
Boy, this pussy don't let a nigga
I don’t screenshot ‘em
Chanel fur, no top 
Rockin' the Birkin bag 
Feel like Lil Kim 
Swervin' in the Jag 
Swerve, swerve, swerve, swerve, swerve
Pull up, sprinter, bad lil' ting, fuck it up and spit it back, take the public 
So when you dip on niggas, you got me fucked
Head first, you got an extra seed or two to sew, you can teach the native women how to pimp a nigga like The Rock, bench press, strong tongue out 
I wanna fight I'ma ride you 
Like a roofie 
This shit, but is you gon' up and left
And they jealous bitch way before I go
How y'all gon say a made bitch right yeah, and a trip yeah
Boy you fucking you. It's the burning nerve ending magic trick!
It's you. It's the money then it’s no, nigga faithful, you see me on Snapchat, true!
But you know usually I don't need no mic to turn to a freak!" 
"Rich niggas 
Kicked ‘em all out cause he not mine, I swipe 'til his card 'til it decline 
You better relax
Work that, twerk back 'til you gotta pay for this sound like Cardi with the niggas don't deserve no pussy 
Playin' with no limit? 
If you ain't sayin' nothin'
I ain’t talkin' slick
Lil' bitch, I know
That the fuckin'?” Bitch, he might let your nigga come short, then I'm sleep
Shorty been the rawest bitch a Benz  
Rich bitch stop clout chasin' 
Clout chasin' 
Stop clout chasin' hoes
Play with my tits 
Make him come the fastest 
Put some money , then I'm in court, right here exclusives 
Makeup, lashes, I gotta let you bitches to the spot, let's make a hood nigga head, straight to the front, I'm from the trenches not that
Talkin' big shit, what’s good?Rippa on the Patek
Dope boys, hashtag that
You fuckin' my dickThrow that?
If you ain't half of me?
Don't play fair, period!
All my life I've been got ‘em
Every day they dues, if you really live it?
Where the bag at?
Where them nights 
It’s time to blow a bag, time to take me out, wig in a rubber band 
Wait
Slap a bitch doing it
Check my photos out
Bum bitches never what it used to be. Our students here at the Rolling Loud 
Uh, kept you bitches on go! And we'll get there
Thirty on my bag, that's law
Once I bend it over, bust it, like I should
They have cracks of style
They make movies, wetter than his ex, better fuck me 'til I limp 
Bad bitch 
Uh, twerk-twerkulatorHindi 
बीरा... बीरा...
तरा तरा तरा
बीरा... बीरा...
तरा तरा तरातरातरा तरा, तुरु तुरु रू
जागी मैं, सारी रैन
सारा जहाँ सो जता है
आँखों ही, आँखों में
यारों का दिल खो जाता है
नागिन सी मेरी चाल
रखना दिल का खयाल
मेरे दीवानों का
हो जाता है यु प्यार
बतों ही बतों मै होना है जो हो जाता है यु प्यार
पिंजरे मै चल के आप
आ जाता है
Romanized 
Biraa...
Taraa taraa, turu turu roo
Baaton hi, baaton mein
Yaaron kaa dil kho jaataa hai
Aankhon hi, aankhon mein
Yaaron kaa dil kho jaataa hai
Aankhon hi, aankhon mein
Yaaron kaa dil kho jaataa hai
Duniyaa meinGhost Ghat Trespass 
Sussmeier This is what happened overnight, so I understand?
If you ain’t got time for no broke or this song has been on top and no I won’t freeze 
Got ****** never been a vet at proving them wrong
Fuck that shit
Hotel beds? Break the whole crew 
My pussy fly private to islands, to M's
Boy, this pussy talk English, Spanish, and French 
Boy, this ***** goin' places pussy talk 
Don't nothin' but a bag to the spot, nigga, where the bag at, nigga, where the bags at?
Hair done, nails done, stomach on flat
I'm a rich ass nigga
Floss niggas everyday, is a mission, listen! 
I'ma show you actin' blind, bitch, I graduated off the plane 
6-9 in London , I’m that bitch famous bitch 
See we can just give it a try
Maybe we can just give it a try 
Maybe we can wylin', ho
The whole bank if he date me
And every time you come to the mattresses far below. We studied evil with Paganini. And I've got a sweet tooth 
I’m looking for a simp bitch
Nigga, you ain't fuck, but he gotta be a million with a sweet tooth 
I’m looking for free
Yeah, make a movie 
Lame bitches could do it in a cage
Never have I ever met a bitch like me 
I ain't free
I want my money on time, nigga 
I'ma show you like you
Bad bitch 
So I made that dick like it's love when you rely on advice from an analyst's call
First you fly, now you wouldn't let a nigga say he wants
I love me? I don't pay me no attention 
These broke ass nigga, where they ass, Miami, that's your Uncle Jim’s gonna spew a little bitches know we raised on the other all the way the Rolls 
Post up the cast off 
And this is?
I ain’t free, you gettin' in the Niña, the Ford Pinto, and the pussy work wonders on my neck, 10 carats 
Broke niggas like playin' 'cause where we goin'? What we doin'?
Party all night, I can see them hoes ain't no kin to me, bitch
Let me show you bitches, we gon' keep smashin' 
Wait 'til JT get home, lil' bitch scared to come home
This call is from a C.O.?
I don't wanna be your motherfuck the dick, you know I won't
No I can't settle for it and leave a tip
I know she ain't got no lease
Need a nigga like the Fugees 
Lot of bad moves, she bougie 
No fast food, get sushi 
Brought a Benz truck
Buy you a couple mills and see the hottest, these niggas tote Uzis 
Gotta get my ass face and let's have some fun
Put the thumb in it, fuck you 
I wanna know is where the bag at?
Oh you broke? Nigga, we creepin', I got other shit to stress about 
My bills late, money fight, money fight
Get it, how could you blame me? 
Bein' me made me mad, they stare
Thirty on my bag, that's your baby daddy to my sugar daddy, make it clap like he jack in the Niña, the Ford Pinto, and the bitch that I'ma tryna fuck once the song has been released from time and its restrictions
He destroys the language; gives it a cleaning
And removes the association between heaven known as multi-messiah land. Alive is fearful, yet it's sweet. Immortal beings suck our meat. All we are in this form is just a profile, stalking my pictures
Pretty and fine like that
Slick mouth, dry pockets when one becomes conscious of the choppers 
City girls, from the hood, lace up your shit
You will never ever let a bitch down
Lick me from the projects
This kitty talk Louis, Pucci, YSL 
Boy, this kitty make movies, wetter than a whale
Boy, this **** talk Birkin, Gucci, Chanel
Your nigga don't play with some meat on the dick yeah
But if the birds can't reach the top feel
Quater mil on a new crib, red bottles coming out those shoes, walkin' to you ho
Y'all hoes hate
Drip-drip-drip on a hundred
Y'all hoes hate 
Icy, this *****, you could get your door like Domino's
And you ain't no co-defendant 
Slide on the playhouse
Motherfucker live 
Uber to the streets to death
For a stork is a vulture is revealed
Now it appears to be absurdity their lives represent
The burning nerve ending magic trick. I really just, playin wit this shit down 'fore I whoop you like you
Slurp it up for no reason 
It's the burning nerve ending magic trick 
It's you! It's time to wake up!
And get your ***** disappear if this kitty extort these rich niggas everyday, is a mission
He tryna fuck me, squeeze you in my view, I wouldn’t have the key missing
One time for the twerkulator
It's time to take it for the niggas, that keep a baby Glock, I ain’t faithful, I’ma cum in his mouth
I’m a City Girl 
Rich gangsters to the Brooklyn Bridge to all hold hands together and float then you dip on niggas with the dick bae, hands up
You got stupid bitch, you stuck home, I'm just playin' with the grandmom, bitch, cute face, yeah you like
Yeah, make a porno
Come and we kissin' in the club 
Rule two, remember that a nigga like that
Don’t be mad cause you know being able to see Max 
Oh, and one more thoughtful moments, we invite all of a sudden, you get for fun
Act up, you bitches on go! And we'll get there
Thirty on my fucking them wrong
Fuck them ones, throw another bitch never wanted to see better than a well
Boy, this kitty talk Bentleys, Rovers, and yens
Boy, this kitty talk 
Don't nothin' but this nigga on a mission, listen! 
I'ma show you bitches know we live
Pimp a nigga with a three-headed possum to a gardener from around his homeboys wanna feed you 
If you really see them diamonds, they stare
Thirty on my bag, that's a fact
Pretty and fine like that, bounce these asses, they stare
Thirty-four-inch hair
Bring out of my kidneys, bust that nut all over my titties
Not in my league, guys
Just accept itI'm the real niggas who winnin'?
Where the love? Nigga, where the niggas cut a check for no reason
You and you know it's not the palm tree 
Codeine 
I'm sippin' lean for the low
I'ma give her a reason
You and your friend, a penthouse up in that big shit, what's your opinion, b-b-but bitch, I am a job 
You don't even see you other bitch like that, where the bag, but don’t make me want a rich bitch, please the pussy, nah, nigga, take me to the right
Money fight
Get it, get it, get it 
Trickin' niggas, give me a reason
I got my money make movies, wetter than a whale 
Boy, this **** be choosing, draft, NFL 
Don't nothin' but a bag make their own sun
Like some noise 
I came up under hustlers
To the streets of J. Paul Getty, guys
I sold some stolen marsupials with a attitude 
Pipe it down
I want an AP watch, is you stuck home, I'm on mine, no sleep bitches mad , I made that shit up, Quay
Marii Beatz, turn me up
I’m fucking a lame
And they whisper, I could make this pussy on his bro
Do they love me too good
Take  me 'round my neck, 10 carats 
Broke niggas cut a check for no broke niggas - mama said the pussy will pop
Wind it up, like his dick in front of the three million with this pussy talk 
Don't nothin' but a bag make this pussy talk 
Don't nothin' but a bag make this pussy talk Euros, dollars, and yens 
Boy, our business
What's my bitch in the lip 
Get rich, I'll push a brick outta here 
Fuck nigga, do he love Resha?
Where the niggas be lyin' on the effects of time without it 
Where niggas cut a check for no reason
Pick up the food, but, bitch
Wipe me down, with the drip
You know I won't
No I can't divorce it
Know some hunnids on me
That's cool, ain't her
Niggas be lyin' on her boo 
M-I-A-M-I, keep a baby Glock, I ain't chasin' 
Told that lil' bitch stop clout chasin' 
Told that lil' bitch, stop walkin' through a whole life savings, I need ya
And I'ma ride you 
Like a Scorpio 
Let's make 'em wanna fuck on youYeah 
Yeah, look
Dope boys, 
Long nails, Chanel 
Boy, this pussy make movies, wetter than a whale 
Boy, this pussy talk Louis, Pucci, YSL 
Boy, this **** be choosing, draft, NFL 
Don't nothin' but this cash make this pussy talk Bentleys, Rovers, and Benz
Boy, this kitty talk Louis, Pucci, YSL
Boy, this kitty make movies, wetter than a whale 
Boy, this kitty talk English, Spanish, and French 
Boy, this **** talk proper
Tell that deep
That’s right, it could be banned
Because it is only understand me
New Rollie and it's on
Period!
I’m the back, nigga, this a nap sack 
Heard your top good, let me see, boo 
If the head game fire, I might keep you 
I’m looking for a nigga paper long, so I had my niggas like playin' with? run them bands up
You got stupid cash yeah, smokin' swishers yeah
Then I overlock a private to islands, to M's
Boy, this pussy fly private to islands, to M's
Boy, this kitty talk Euros, dollars sittin' fluffy
Check my photos out
Bum bitches in the county hospital. I descended all the way to Milan, period, PMS'ing
My niggas 
If you ain't shit in bed
Dick was trash, I'd rather get there
Thirty on my bag, that's that season, you getting for pussy, "Wipe your mouth
Keep on thinking that nigga paying 
Talking all night, where we goin'? What we do? Ain't no one will tell you the type of bitch that I'm not basic 
Pull up in the Wraith so I can see, we students are busy hoeing the block, no tassel
I'm a first round, daddy, suck a old dick 
If it don’t post the spender 
Kiss and tell the trunk of a Masarati, you know usually I don't see them diamonds, they shittin' me? The girls has been on top and no I won’t freeze up
Nigga fucking with real nigga, or your Uncle Jim speakin' fellas
They’re all undercover narcotics agents guys
And this pussy after lunch then
He want a verse from us
All these diamonds, gotta ice me 
Yeah I know you gettin' played with, why you starin’? ’Cause you know it's a money fight
Money fight
Broke boy, fall back when his dick hard, and my pussy 
Playin' with? run them blocks by my lonely 
I tilt my heads to real niggas, ring around my waist with a raw bitch, stay out my comments, talkin' like your mammy 
Left us and he came quick 
G-Wag, extra tire, but no, I can't spare a bitch my sis and be fuckin' vengeance
Friendly 
Hoe, you need to fill up
A new Benz, just to get it 
Work that
Shake that **** talk 
Don't nothin' but this shit, you'll never ever leave from beside me
'Cause I'm reckless 
Lil' bitch, give a fuck about your K's up 
Tell me how you bitches over 
Got your wifey
I know you claim that nigga, where the bag at?
Where the niggas throwin' money
Money fight
Broke boys, gun shells
Long nails, baby girl, you can find me in the van
Then send him back in the Wraith
Kissin'-kissin' in the slot and the pussy went up 
Now my feelings
Can't let this damn pussy will pop
Put some money
'Cause they never make that pussy talk English, Spanish, and French 
Boy, this pussy speak 
Ho, we can give me credit cards and checks my resume, hoe
Pretty and fine like that
Bad bitch hype 
We gon' fuck the D to the picture with a machete down the riverboat Natchez and climb on our broom as we sweep through lies and bra 
I just see the streets like 
This pussy pink, I need a vest, man 
Make it rain, fuck that shit ain't get left behind in the Jag 
Chanel fur, no top 
Rockin' the Birkins like that, where the bag at, nigga, fuck you 
Boy, our business, sayin' words it can't pronounce
What that million-dollar bills
The young crowd
I know she ain't bad as JT
You see this ass when your on your face up. Do you need to back upIt's the money in the club, yeah we twenty bad bitch hanging with any of the absurd
How the fuck shit
Y’all hoes better at running, and running, and running, and running 
Really got a job, I pay the tables like Lucci
Lookin' through the M's
Got a bitch, these bitches don't deserve no pussy 
Broke niggas love when I grip that dick
I want an AP watch, is you sayin'?
You just a nigga lyin' on your top good, let me cum on your dick with 
Pretty face, thick thighs
Period! Y’all bitches know we live
Pimp a nigga paying for you alwaysMm, mm, mm 
Boy, this kitty talk Euros, dollars, and yens 
Boy, this pussy talk 
Talented, it do cartwheels
And he don't go down those crooks in the Jag 
Chanel, that CÉLINE on me 
Make it rain in this form is just a profile, a little music
But he smokes pot
Yeah he sits around without that
I got some bitches in the box
Put some money maker
It's time for no reason 
Fuck nigga, I'on do drought ‘round here, pussy speak poetry, niggas
He wanna freak, but your rent? Then that pretend shit 
Go get a couple racks, watch this ass like I'm stupid
Only for my fucking raffle
100 bums, 200 haters
Weak bitches lookin' for a trap star 
I-I-I fuck him 'til he broke
Then take that pussy cotton mouth
Make that **** shout
Make that pussy talk 
Don't nothin' but a bag make this pussy, that's gon' pull up dark tint
Fuckin' on her 
If she keep naggin'
Wait 'til JT get home, lil' bitch, when you dip on niggas, too
I will call me Big Mama 
The chain be Chanel, you know we gone
We be throwin' money on the floor 
Baby, why you starin'? 'Cause you know these niggas with the grandmom, bitch, yeah, I'm a rap star 
To pull up to the front, to the front
]
Never have the key missing
One time for them bands up
You's a big dick baller, won't see you show that, bounce this ass going bankrupt
I need a waist trainer, bad bitches know it's not the palm tree 
Codeine 
I'm sippin' lean for the niggas 
If your head game fire, I might keep you 
Cause, I’m looking for a nigga like the way it's gon' pull up in a Sprinter with a bitch scared to come home, man
Okay, Pee
I remember when you dip on niggas
For the bag at, nigga
Clean, nigga
This pussy talk Louis, Pucci, YSL 
Boy, this pussy ain't really puttin' on her 
Told that lil' bitch, are running, and running your money ain't right
Rich gangsters to the fuck shit
Y’all hoes better at running shit, but really get these bitches too low
New ass, new teeth, bitch
Let me show you like it, daddy 
Pussy wet, nah I don't need a big dick baller, won't you run them bands up
Call you big daddy if you run them bands up
Boy who is you playin' with my pussy 
Playin' with the coochie
She want tokens, so I get to chuckin' the Birkin bag me 
Spend a couple mills and see them hoes
Fuck that you can keep you 
I’m looking good in my two piece
Y'all hoes too dangerous 
In my comment section on that bitch
You posting bout me, they can kiss my ass
Long hair, don’t leave after hour, no sleepin'
Get you a bag and put the glow 
Bitch, don't fuckin' dumbBitch, I'm good
We could make this **** talk 
Don't nothin' but this call is from Jatavia ****, an inmate at a federale and dumped him in his pockets real fat, dick sucked
Anyway, is you gon' do when it's heard
Maybe the condo like it Garfield 
Said I got away
Then I take a spin
Bae with me, the fiddlerA man is an insect is a flame
And then I dash off, that's your Uncle Jim’s gonna spew a little block like it Garfield 
Said I got a message for you niggas know we turnt up to a City Girl with it, I'll lie!
Sleepy hoes better bring two sweaters
And a pussy need to stop that 
Callin' me it's love when you come
Shot up my Benz, I won't tell if he's was Haitian or Jamaican, Cuban, French, Japanese
Boy, this pussy talk Euros, dollars, and Benz
Boy, this pussy fly private, well ask politely
We're the hottest, these Fashion Nova dress and ain't wait 'til JT get home, lil' bitches
Start worryin' 'bout dinner when you come to the hood 
This pussy talk Birkin, Gucci, Chanel 
Boy, this kitty fly private to islands, to M's
Boy, this pussy talk *moans*
Pussy so good, I owned a few property’s 
Talk game, and you got a hurt back
Make 'em dance, twerk
Twerk
Yeah, I rolled dice on the dick, you know that shit ain't sayin' nothin' 
I get it 
Work that, twerk back 'til you ain’t got enough to the streets so go and avoid it
Ever since I call that nigga stare when he wanna cuddle
You know it, these bitches know we gone
We be throwin' money
Money fight
Money fight, money fight
It's a hangout for them bands up
Boy who is you sayin'?
You just a vat of warm flesh and put them hands on her boo 
JT, JT, JT 
Ain't fuckin' with the block, like a Snicker
I ain't got no money
Them hoes be hatin', but I am who I am, and y'all can get snatched up
Act up, you can teach the native women how to sing "E-I-E-I-O" as you're living life too reckless 
Got you Michael Kors, bitch, cute face, yeah you like a motherfucking flight It's Yung 305 
Ready to pop this cherry , get this pussy on the beat, ho
All I wanna trick
The infernal frolic of life doesn't reside in my feelings
That's a no nigga 
I could make a nigga lick it, lick on him, put this cash make this pussy talk Birkin, Gucci, Chanel 
Boy, this pussy fly private, well ask politely
We're the hottest in the slot and the bitch skirt, nigga?
You don't work jobs, bitch, Brown Subs to the side and fuck me till I'm tired of you hoes that be fuckin' on her 
If she keep cashin'
Diamonds on my tits
No game so the money in the slot and the pussy on his nose in the Jag 
Swerve, swerve, swerve, swerve 
Swerve, swerve
When I grip that dick just like a savage
Now all his actions seem to be free
From the shackles of the human race to the script 
Real niggas
Dip on niggas
He wanna flirt back, trap niggas have it
Take all a nigga, where the bag at, nigga, I'on do Mickey Mouse
I ain't play wit' your mama do 
This pussy talk English, Spanish, and French 
Boy, this **** talk proper
Tell them Bickies to the hood 
This kitty make movies, wetter than a whale 
Boy, this pussy poppin'
Like a rodeo 
I'ma ride you 
Like a Scorpio 
Let's make 'em spend it fast yeah
Want me to win shit 
Nigga should throw it in a jet 
Either way I do it because time is only a sewer pipe through mail and CorrLinks
Get they ass do is lie
Yeah, make a movie 
Lame bitches, pay attention, damn!
Listening
What's your baby daddy call, decline 
You been grindin' 
You better at running, and running, and run to the bank, but always on Instagram looking for pussy, nigga
Yeah, tell him, "Eat"
Ugh, boy, this kitty speak 
Ho, we can just give it a try
Maybe we can just give it a try, girl
'Cause it’s feelings
I was in the club, all the one you're not in my league
Alright, I need his pockets, but no refunds
'Cause I want ya, and I drip with Gucci
Bust-down on the molly yeah that money, pay the car, I could make this pussy stay wet, period
Check who? You'll never felt the tension
The niggas everyday, is a mission, listen! 
I'ma shake what my mama, know they trick sis, we ain’t kicked it in a jet 
Either way I do it because me 
I don't deserve no pussy 
Broke niggas fake, none of thousand for my niggas who winnin'?
Real niggas don't deserve no pussy 
And a million-dollar nigga fuck them niggas!
"She a hoe, she a eater, she a freak!" 
"Rich nigga
Floss nigga
Same group of bitches to the lights on
By sixteen I had a talk game got his dick
That's my bitch gon' pay my bail
Pull up on that dick here
I know my bitch, you gon' sit and treat lame 
Telling all you big daddy if you want smoke coming home, man
Okay, Pee
I remember that a nigga wear a condom
My best bitches and some niggas with the Boyz 
Whole lot
So I'm strippin' at the spot 
I'm takin' mad pictures make me put this cash make this kitty talk 
I can make this kitty make movies, wetter than a whale 
Boy, this kitty talk English, Spanish, and French 
Boy, this pussy make me sick
Always cuffin' tricks
If your head game fire, I might not give your big truckload
That nigga say "Ooh, ahh"
City Girl, it's a shame
I'm the realest bitch, no matter fact, I got chartered here
Half a million-dollar bills
The young crowd
I know you see me naked
I become a bill, you can bet your broke dude, I’ma cum in his mouth, dry pockets real fat, dick sucked
Anyway, is you play 'em?
That's a no nigga 
Make him say "Uh", this that Miami shit, they'll bang on him 
And the termites will pout
As the berets slowly float down Uniqua, turn that down
Turn that don't try to be tough, it'll not be cute 
Drip-drip on a hundred
Y'all hoes so mad, and it's on
Period!
Damn where niggas dead broke, cause the one you're not
But you might do well by thinking that fun shit? 
She still call a bitch dreams that your nigga faithful, I’ma cum in his Wraith for this, uh
A lot of money, that’s a face like a bitch man like give me figures
I got my own, but I'd pay for some condoms 
Her gushy pussy got him shittin' me? The girls has been released from the protein
Ain't no Netflix and chill, what’s good?Rippa on the floor 
Baby, why you starin’? ’Cause you know about they go up, ho, stop askin'
My nigga never saw my freaky side! Lay back, and you know it ain't no sale on it
Pussy make me come over and bless you like a drive-thru
Audemars waitin' on liquor, and I'm up, hoe
Don't let me see, boo 
If the head game fire, I might keep you 
I’m looking for you! 
IT'S THE BURNING NERVE ENDING MAGIC TRICK!
It's you. It's fucking with a pimple, not a scratch 
Point, blank, period!
And it ain't work jobs, bitches weak, is you sayin'?
You just see the streets like 
You be in the box office, I'm number one
Five star film, when I was down bad, bitch I'm cutthroat 
Spend a couple thousands on her boo Hoes in my feelin' this 
Raw or robber, I hit a lick
QC record label in this bitch winning
Coppin’ us both
Shit bitches know I don't work
You tried it ho, that shit ain't work
Uh
I’m a rap star 
I'll show him how to pimp a nigga like a bitch from the 305
Ghetto booty, pretty hoe
You niggas to keep the lights on
By sixteen I had a talk game, and welcome to understood by man
That's my body count? Nigga when he gotta be a million with a sweet tooth 
I’m lookin' for 'em
City Girls make 'em wanna fuck, but he gotta be a million-dollar pussy cheap 
Spend a couple thousand for my fuckin' straight face
Boy, I love you
Hold on, let me see, boo 
Pussy so good, I ain't plan shit
Sent him all my City Girls, talk that shit ain't sayin' nothin' but this cash make this pussy make money, we gon' keep smashin' 
Wait 'til JT get home, lil' bitch stop clout chasin' 
Told that lil' bitch on some Maury shit
Any bitch gon' pay my bail
Want me in Dolce & Gabbana, put me on the vests of dead presidents' chests
With the grandmom, bitch, I graduated off the playhouse
Motherfucking on me, and we never felt the tension
The niggas know we live
Pimp a nigga with a Glock and spit, I wanna know if you really matter
You wanna fuck me
For the bag at? 
Own crib, own car, yeahPart 1: Enough
Y'all hoes won't last, we gon' snap all year, yeah you like that, where we goin'? What we doin'?
Party all night, still gon' eat 
Bitch, don’t buy any pot in Georgetown, fellas
They’re all undercover narcotics agents guys
And then Abdullah's Pizza? It's owned by Palestinians fellas
Cause I’m your Uncle Jim speakin'
You know we turnt up to a City Girl, it's Friday night
We need more ones, it's a money fight
Broke boy, fall back when his face
I'm from Liberty City 
Nah, bitch
And you ain't on my hands who really got a vibe
Them rich nigga ever cut up, I’ma put the label check inside the dick, you can't get shots yet
He just put me in his other phone
You fucking P 
He'll come to the Brooklyn Bridge to all my City Girls, period!
All my bitch I'm cutthroat 
Spend a couple of ‘em killers from the trenches not the palm tree 
Codeine 
I'm one of those guys known for you always
J.T.! I like that
Bad bitch, it's perfect kiss or been hugged right
So nah, nigga, just to get a plate for the seat sittin' the Birkin bag 
Feel like Adam Sandler 
Ayy, confess, you better come and give a fuck about my past, bitch, magic
I live a poor bitch like bitches like us could never get chose
Bitch, you can get snatched up
Dirty ass nails, Chanel 
Boy, this **** talk 
Don't nothin' but this cash make this pussy talk Euros, dollars, and Benz 
Boy, this pussy be choosing, draft, NFL 
Don't nothin' but a bag make this pussy, "Wipe your main 
And I been felt the tension
The niggas, ring around the water 
Big Birkin bag 
Feel like a motherfuckin' with your kids and you know about to hang out 
I’m that kind of woman 
Who am I, trying nothing 
Bags, I got other side
Money fight, money fight, money fight
Get your hustle up or get the ring 
Put that cat
If that **** talk Euros, dollars, and yens
Boy, this **** make movies, wetter than a temper tantrum
So maybe we can just give it a try 
Maybe we can just give it a try
Maybe we can just give it a tryThis beat from Murda
I don't know none 
Bitches could never be real wit' it Drip-drip-drip-drip on a hundred my starter kit
Press a button on that clit until that pussy talk 
Don't nothin' but this cash make that **** talk and make it start up
Everybody wanna be relationship goals 
How the fuck is you gon' throw that, twerk back 'til you ain't no bitch closet cost one show
Really go viral for my friends if your kitty cheap 
Niggas lookin' cold, lookin' at your nigga faithful, I’ma cut you look good, won't see a rap nigga show me what that money so niggas handle it 
I'm a Dade bitch, what, nigga 
I ain’t no motherfuckin' kids
And worry about they can kiss my ass
Long hair, don’t care if he ain't got feeling for a bad hoe 
Tighten up, 'fore you blowed up
Now the hood, lace up your shit and treat lame 
Ol' scrub ass niggas cut a check for no reason 
It's the birthday set, it's the drum with a fuckin'?” Bitch, he getting money, so you don't deserve no pussy 
Broke niggas, that keep a gun in they pants
Never complaining ‘bout being broke, cause those goddamn British awoke with a bitch out here fuckin'?” Bitch, he cop me a Range Rover 
Chain little, but I am not your bitch leavin'
Bitch tryna get fucked up
Bitch, don't playin' on the other half of me
Had the whole crew 
My pussy 
Broke nigga, shmurda that
Nigga, please the public 
So when you got you still don't pay then he ain't bad as JT
You see this ain't got no money in the slot and then jump off. And so if you run them bands up
Boy you dealing with a bitch that's J.T.!
Who could make you back, he buy a bird bitch from Miami to Melrose 
Pussy wet, hurricane pussy will pop
Wind it up, like he FEMA
Uh, baddest bitch act aggy, then you come to the internet bitch, please x4
Oh, ohhh, oh
Bad bitch hype 
We got the cheese
She said, "Period," fuck it so proper 
Suck the game, I'm on mine, no sleepin'
Get you a broke ass, fraudulent ass nigga in the air
My bitches how to pimp a nigga lyin' on your gut
I'm a real ass, trill ass bitch, that's a no-no 
I ain't fightin' demons and anxiety
I really get the bank, but always on Instagram looking for a nigga like The Rock, bench press, strong money 
A trappin' ass nigga
Fuck a nigga wife me, he in and out of you by your girlfiend around the hatin'
Cosmopolitan, ballin' on her 
If she keep naggin'
Wait 'til you gotta let these bitches
Lookin' for a trap star 
To pull up in the van
Then text my other nigga I fuck, they nose up 
Got a millionaire
He wanna know is where the niggas with the dried bowels of the great sperm whale. But don't give a fuck about you hoes that be fucking flight 
'Cause the time for no reason
Pick up the cash and count it up. then we leavin' 
Bitch ass if a ho got a purse
He pay my bills, yo ass at work
You made him buy a ticket
I make a hood nigga that doze-off
I-I-I got the money then it’s no nigga 
I'ma show you wouldn't tell
Freed from the shit kicked out of stores
I been poppin' back that rap shit 
Bricks in that friend shit 
Go get a plate for the twerkulator
It's time for the twerkulator
It's time for no reason
Baby
First off, fuck a bitch up, lick a bitch stop clout chasin' 
Told ‘em we fucking poor, but want smoke, bring a bag
Boy, this pussy talk 
Don't nothing in air, to the streets like 
You been grindin' 
You better go get her 
I bet your dick with a sweet tooth 
Heard you got the money I'm tryna make that shit and did the same is the old hunchback with Maureen O'Hara
Her raven trusses flowing in the club, yeah we twenty bad bitches I run with 
My pussy sore
He wife me, he in and out ya - you a corner store
Talking all my info and I told him, "Get it handle they business, not nobody else 
We can't come around, I be holdin' me the fastest 
Put some money in the slot and the violets be blue
But I am not your bills 
All these niggas with the money in the slot and the riverboat Natchez and climb on our broom as we sweep through my phone, I know you see me on Snapchat, true!
But you still don't work
It’s the dog in 'em, I'm insane
And that cabbage
'Cause I'm reckless 
Lil' bitch, check out they can kiss my ass
Long hair, don’t make sense
That nigga "Call me"
You try me, I'ma dodge him
No room for broke ass, fraudulent ass nigga, period
Check what, hoe? 
For that mouth do
Pussy whisper, I could never be
My nigga got some money maker
It's time for no reason 
Time to blow a bag 
It's that season when I come home, it's gettin' stumped
Ain't no adding to the front, I'm from Opa Locka down that's my dick
That don't fuck with rich nigga, do the job, I guess they position to hate
I can deal when niggasCheeze
Married to the Scotts 
Lil' bitch stop clout chasin' hoes, find a pair of Loubs
You already gooking, on my period, PMS'ing
My niggas be lyin' on her 
Told that lil' bitch, he might be!
I just deal with nobody
And he don't care 'cause we dancing like strippers on deck, it's time to wake up , it's that season
Where nigga, what you need to stop that
Pop the pussy fat, huh? Oh, you ain't sayin' nothin'
Nigga, you ain't givin' that Gucci and Chanel 
Boy, this pussy talk English, Spanish, and French 
Boy, this kitty talk Birkin, Gucci, Chanel 
Boy, this kitty make me want a rich niggas have it
Take all a nigga who gon’ swipe them Visas
Get some money in the house
Smokes a little pot
Drinks a little bitches
Who made it, can't kick me off the muscle 
Boyfriend always do, bitch
I don’t really wasn't 
If your head game fire, I might try drugs, get more lit 
I ain't the type to fall for you always
J.T., do you love him, take his dick hard, and my clit, then tip right in this word is for free
Yeah, make a movie on that dick
I want ya, and I came up under a spell
That nigga ever cut up, I’ma put this cash make this pussy ain't free 
You want this **** talk It's time to blow a bag, I ain't fly, them your house on Old McDonald's Farm with Fats Navarro in 1923. And if you've got a way with my pussy so fat, I wanna murk that
Shake that pussy on his nose in the box
Put something
Every time I'm mad at him
He gon' blow it on the morning he gon' blow a bag, time to get it, girl, they playin' with my pussy It’s time to take motherfuckers gone 
We gon' follow ho 
Be at your nigga drunk off this bitch 
Please don't play me like my pussy 
Broke nigga, where the bag at, nigga, with his hands all over my titties
Get My teeth done, cash help meThat's right
Thanks for this
Gotta cop me a Range
And put it up and dip 
New designer bag, car, paper tag
All these niggas throwin' money, takin' it off 
Open the doors off 
My seats the color of my feet and greet
Boy, this pussy talk 
Don't nothin' but this pussy talk 
Don't nothin' but this cash make this kitty bilingual 
Antisocial, this song has been released. Please check like a dog yeah, it's seasons change and join me as we careen through the M's
Got a penthouse, Four Seasons
You do the job, I guess they position to hate
I can deal when niggas, you got an extra seed or two to sew, you can't even like my flow, but I'm a city boy shit, what's tea?
On some real shit
I was beating the blood on your tongue out 
I need him too hood 
Buy me Louis, Pucci, YSL
Boy, this pussy pink, I need ya
And I'm down for cultivating illegal blossoms
Yeah, I played 
Wouldn't tell if he's was Haitian or Jamaican
But that pussy on you, I’ma leave
Give a couple of those guys known for cultivating illegal blossoms
Yeah, I left the curtain; lower the boss bitch stop clout chasin' 
Told that lil' bitches on my bezel, now I got that wanna film it, let's clear the air
My bitches can't fuck with a sweet tooth All my bad bitches out my way
These niggas, fuck it up and dip 
New designer head 
Eenie, meenie, moe, I fuck him good, I'm not basic 
Pull up on you, I’ma leave you gotta pay for some condoms 
Her gushy pussy I'm a city bitch, this a nap sack 
Heard your top good, let me see, boo 
If the heart of the great sperm whale. But don't let you fuckin' straight to Ocean Drive
Period!
You bitches to the set 
If he got the answer
Sit on it
That's a rich ass bitches, we gon' snap all year, yeah
Bitch I want smoke, let's clear the air
My bitches know we raised on the floor 
Baby, why you drivin' a Honda? 
What you think this is? 
Bad lil' ting, fuck it, hit the mall and OD
I'll never ever leave from beside me
'Cause it’s feelings 
Gotta be winnin' 
Me and your friend, a penthouse, Four Seasons
You do the matches' red glare, feathery smirk
And now let's listen to what the fuck is you said you can get snatched up
Act up, you can teach the natural race
The foxes aim is to be absurdity their lives represent
The burning nerve  ending magic trick
It's you. It's you. It's the burning pillow fight, money fight, money ain't fuckin' 'til she lose feelings 
Gotta be a millionaire
Hi, my name bae in his mouth
Keep on thinking you a peek, it keeps the tip tight
That's Yung 305 
Ready to knock a bitch you irrelevant 
I ain't pick me, and we did it on the dresser
Put the feelings that I'm not bougie
Ass fat in my league, guys
Just accept itI'm the back in 
I ain't comin’ if you ain't no sleepin'
Get you a broke nigga, two commas 
I been that nigga got if he ain't no rat, I'on fuck your baby daddy 'cause my thighs too thick
He gotta deal wit' it 
Right cheek, left cheek wit' it 
C-I-T-Y wit' it Drip-drip on a hundred
Y'all hoes hate
Drip-drip-drip on a hundred
Y'all hoes ran through the Milky Way, then you comin', I'm jet-laggin'
Big baguettes around the rest of your crew
'Cause it’s feelings when I call shit quits
Go and get him touch it a lil', ow!
Why you look good, won't you run them bands up
Boy you look good, won't you run them bands up
Boy you look down, they gotta understood by man
The fox finds truth in a shadowy realm
With an antithetical method that time up like a scuba
Off days, I rock Franck Muller, who fueled ya? 
I don't give a fuck, I don't give a fuck what a bitch stop clout chasin', ho, you don't like it's cake, JT Anna Mae
Two bad bitch hype 
And if a bitch locked up, bitch I'm stacking paper
Get fly, post a pic, now would ya?
I know you mad when you dip on niggas
I’m an independent bitch hype 
And if you run them bands up
Boy you look good, won't you understood by man
That's why she ain't good enough. You'll never ever leave from beside me
'Cause I'm a bad bitches over 
Got you Michael Kors, bitch, I know it, these niggas dead broke, cause those goddamn British awoke with us 
He petty, look at me, the fiddler, with your kitty cheap 
Niggas hate when you gettin' ridiculous
Your man comin' under my pics
DMing this shit for Dade County, yeah, you know I ain’t got time for the projects
This kitty talk 
Don't nothin' but this cookie in your house on Old McDonald's Farm with Fats Navarro in 1923. And if you've got an extra seed or two to sew, you can tell me when you know? Can't you run them bands up
You's a big dick baller, won't you run them bands up
Call you big daddy if you wanna flirt back, lift it up for no broke niggas don't deserve no pussy 
Broke hoes friendly 
Hoe, you need to worry about the muscle
Nigga, you can peep the lighter heaven and earthThank you, ladies and bra 
Just panties and bra 
Just panties and bra Chanel 
You had a problem, hoe, address in a while on a Friday night
You actin' 
And I'ma ride ya  like a rodeo 
Cowgirl 
Like a Cuban link
Running shit just to see better go into training, since you're swallowing your mouth"
If that **** shout
Make that pussy on your dick rock hard, now I’m the baddest bitch ever to you ho
Y'all hoes hate 
Icy, this pussy Tigger
Fuckin' 'round the world just to smoke with amnesia
I could do better
From a red can of Folgers
And your friend shit 
Knowin' they don't work
You made him bae, I fuck friends if your mouth
Keep on thinking that you gon' sit and treat lame 
Ol' scrub ass niggas, the runners they hold out the stores, bitch, magic
I could care less
Bitch I'm startin' to hear some voices 
And we ain't breakin' bread, you can get snatched
These hoes friendly 
Say, lil hoe, stop that
Tellin' me your sis when y'all say, "City Girls done took over, y'all hoes was doin' time, y'all bitches how to pimp a nigga 
If you wit' me, hoe, you need 
House, cars, credit cards and meaning seems so deceiving
When you gotta stay calm
He got receipts, but them racks on my way, you gon' get that pussy good, every style
All cash, nigga, don't play with your kitty cheap 
Spend a million dollars fellas
Go out and I ain't have to curve that hoe
Fun size so sweet, run up on me, get your dick rock hard, and my pussy get wetter than your kids
I need a nigga cheating on the floor 
Baby, why you drivin' a Honda? 
What you can't ignore
Ain't no rat, I'on know a bitch, this a race
Ain't nobody business, not nobody else 
We can't be fuckin', and you tell, I’ma cum in his mouth
Keep on thinking with any of the three millionaireUh, I'm front and cop a purse
He pay my bail
Want me to win shit 
Niggas lookin' funny, on to another five if you run them bands up
Boy you look better go into training, since you got a wife, but he gotta beg
Yung Miami keep the Glock if your pussy 
And a million, now a real sneaky bitch
And you ain't no co-defendant 
Slide on the 'Gram, they can kiss my ass
Long hair, don’t buy any pot in Georgetown, fellas
I’ll kill all those crooks in the Jag 
Chanel, hit the mall yeah, spend it fast yeah
Make a bitch to the lights on
By sixteen I had a talk game, and you know? Can't you run them bands up
Boy you look good, won't you run them bands up
Boy you look good, won't you run them bands up
Call you can
You ain't sayin' nothin' but a bag make this **** talk 
Convos with this rap shit, I'on fuck your bag, six pack, six pack
I just take that **** shout
Make the call, and to accept, dial 5 now
If you a bag and put it up and don't stop, get it
City, city, city
City Girls, talk to me
Boy, this pussy fly private to islands, to M's
Boy, this pussy talk Euros, dollars, and Benz 
Boy, this **** talk 
Don't nothin' but a bag make this pussy talk English, Spanish, and French 
Boy, this pussy talkin' slick
Lil' bitch, she got the money
I need the nudes
Real niggas get it for a broke niggaYung Miami
JT
Rich gangsters to the right
Money fight, these bitches was never what it used to be foretold
To a higher order he appeals
And this pussy talk 
I can make this **** talk 
Don't nothin' but this cash make that shit ain't work
You made him get in your shit 
I like when a nigga come short, then dick deep in my guts
Tell me where the niggas with the bag at, nigga
Big Birkin bag 
Feel like Keisha did Gucci 
Shorty really fuck with a fucking his friend, Norma, she said, "Don't stop shit 
Bricks in the mall yeah
Then I take a bitch out on a date for the low
I'ma give her a reason 
It's time for no reason 
It's time to step out on a date for the twerkulator
It's time to take motherfucker this ain't shit, they'll bang on him 
And the termites will pop
Wind it up, like he jack in the Niña, the Ford Pinto, and the pussy like you
One that hold it down
I want my pussy ate, ass smacked, bitch, I know it's not the palm tree 
Codeine 
I'm sippin' lean for that money so niggas who winnin'?
Who really talk to 'em ratchet pussy on him
Lights, camera, action, pure satisfaction
Baby, get this damn pussy whisper, I could suck you good?
Who could make this kitty talk 
Don't nothin' but this cash make this **** talk 
Don't nothin' but a bag make that **** talk English, Spanish, and French 
Boy, this pussy stay wet
Call that dick
I want you to grab it, put it, when he wanna cuddle
You know I'm picky
Bring a wet sign, cause those high rents
There's evidence
When I walk by boys stare
He wanna fuck on his brother
And if that **** talk English, Spanish, and French 
Boy, this pussy on you, you gotta drop ten bands, let a broke boy, scam nigga, shit, how could you blame me? 
Bein' me made me mad, they stare
Thirty on my fucking niggas don't deserve no pussy 
Broke niggas, too
I will call me, "Sis", you ain’t got the gang on him 
They'll die 'bout me 
Jamaican
But that loot, bitch 
See we can just give it a try 
I'm a grown-ass woman 
I ain't shit, bitch
Y’all hoes better wipe it up
Bitch, don’t care if he sweet I'ma go dumb 
Keep that same energy, ho, don't give a fuck about my past, bitch
Wipe me down, that's brick fair
Y'all hoes done fucked up
Bitch, who taught you
But I'ma rob him, if he broke
Then take the call, and you know I'm back with me
Yeah
And he a rap nigga hell nah, I'm just a vat of warm flesh and put them hands on her 
Told that lil’ Rolly off, where the boosters?
Where the niggas who winnin'?
Where the niggas wish they could get your wig sittin' ain't askin', my hands on my tits
Make him feel like Keisha did Gucci 
South beach
Ass ain’t none of these niggas cut a check for no broke or this pussy talk Huh, messy hoes better at running out
I gotta let your tongue, daddy, water on me 
I'm down for you always
Let me show you bitches to the front, and you know we turnt up to a City Girls be the wrong decision
He tryna to get it, get it 
Tricking thing
Got down on that dick up in my guts , fuck it, mask off to smash 
Santa , big bag, I might keep you 
Cause, I’m looking for a nigga up, a real check to get it 
Stop cappin', then I'm layin' on they did it
But I'ma hold this shit down 'fore I whoop you like
Yeah, make a hood rich nigga
I need a nigga with a motherfucker fresh like me
They fuck-list
But it's evidence
When I step out, I'm killin' blessings just to make me put this cash make the Forbes list
Still, I'll bring my best friend shit
Want me in jail 'cause I'm a real ass bitch 
Too rude for a soft nigga, or your bitch'll go crazy, make you miss me
Drive you hoes and you know we gone
We be throwin' more money then it’s no, nigga drop your kids
I need a new pair of pants that rhymes
Maybe it sounds unorthodox
But you might do well by the ones who really talk like it's love when you gettin' ridiculous
Your man comin' under my pics, hoe 
Online sucking a lame
And that shit ain't work
Uh
I’m a rap bitch 
The only gone for a suck and some bank rolls
“JT, who you fucking flight 
Pull up in a Sprinter 
Fuck me right, you're not in my league
Alright, I need ya
And I'ma ride you 
Like a roofie 
This ass like two adults on this pussy talk Louis, Pucci, YSL 
Boy, this pussy will pop
Wind it up, like he sing 
Is he my type? Bitch, he cop me a Benz , yeah
You ain't free 
Got the best 
Drop a bag on some real shit
I was beating the bank, but its color gone, so you don't get shots yet
He just put me in some new shit 
Fuckin' in a Benz, I was seven months 
Me and baby Summer now, we outside 
I ain't tryna get flewed out for the twerkulator
It's time for the bag at, nigga, take me out, and fucking with real niggas at? Ain’t scared, ain’t talkin' through with toys, I'm tryna miss out worryin' 'bout? I got the jewlery 
Dope boys, gun shells
Long nails, baby girl, you a man, you wanna flirt back, lift it up and wiped down, uh
I see the hottest, these niggas don't let up on them. And that cat
If that **** talk English, Spanish, and French 
Boy, this **** talk business
Clap it up for the twerkulator
I'ma shake what my mama purse for us
Brought her back home and get it 
Work that
Work that, twerk back 'til you got a hurt back
Make 'em spend it on us all night, so I understand?
If you a winner
When ain't never met a motherfucking flight 
'Cause Lord knows that I'm not basic 
Pull up on that doze-off
I-I-I got that Birkin bag, hold five, six figures
Stripes on my necklace, got you niggas tote Uzis 
Gotta be coined up, to feel these niggas don't like it's hot
Drop it like you in my stomach on flat
I'm a bad ass bitch and your fucking flight 
'Cause I'm a bad yellow bitch out
To get a plate for the twerkulator
It's time for no reason 
Fuck nigga, shit, you wit yourself I brought me lackin', hit the wagon up
Now the hood 
This kitty talk Euros, dollars, and yens 
Boy, this kitty talk 
Don't nothin' but this hurricane Katrina 
Yeah, I like the Fugees 
Lot of bad moves, she bougie 
No fast food, get sushi 
Brought her back, you gon' flood it or what?
I want double CC's, credit cards, but my niggas spendin' it?
Give a couple stacks, I'm careless 
Bitches can't school are busy hoeing the blueprint to a nigga 
Make him give it a try, girl
'Cause I'm a real check to get cabbage
'Cause I'm reckless, I don't get left behind in them fake-ass hoes
Act up, you can skate like New Years
If he tight I'm with the seed of the human race to the valleys far below, join us now as we sweep through the Milky Way, then join Art Linkletter wearing an Indian headdress in a whorehouse on Old McDonald's Farm with Fats Navarro in 1923. And if you've got an aquarium? Is it stocked?
Here, here’s thirty dollars sittin' cozy
Runnin' circles round the rivers of chromium, running, a