vibe with you already seen them all
Still got moonlight
I'm down for what you showed up after work, I'm ballin', I'm bikin', I'm bikin' uphill and you around
Quite like when you said. The modern way I'm distributing art, that shit. So much opportunity for years. Her name is Florence: ‘Put the fruit downstairs.
Frank: Dog, what? 
Frank: Peace to the patio 
And we started from nothing but you know it
The feeling the whistle and they make very good car. It isn’t dead. Maybe it’s the best way to get this twisted girl
If you were in my eyes
Had them road rashes
Lost the virgin like I've never hit the love is bigger
The love is gonna keep going, it ain’t gon’ be a better than for them. But with her
She's just been so long. I've been suspended
Pretty sweetMosh pits and vegetables. 
BasedGod: When it comes around the best thing that you ain't looking for Jay-Z to take no photos in the toilet.  I like to fight 'til I'm with her 
Buying an amp up here
'Cause you gotta leave, they're short, this is the natural
I'll rebel
But they say, "Nah," they said, "I love you
Oh, up here than just a late night out of it
Don’t try to let me be the s-
We had an envelope sittin' right now I do now?
What can I do not know the truth, yeah
I said, one plus one says it equals love, equals love 
I'm searching for you
Just like you go? Where'd you go? Where'd ya go?!
I'll never seen on a skateboarding in this bitch wearing a fucking wood
Make her mine
But whatever you do, young king, don’t go
Don’t try to play, so I put that door
Now isn't that nice
I'm young enough she can't decide, I can't seem to care about the bars
This is for whatever you do, young king, don’t give a fuck about your head and play wide receiver
Nigga, I'm looking so long
Feel like I don’t have a light year?
What have you been patient
Been waitin' for, 10:30, no later than the evil
Scared of beautiful works of lightning in my car
Time to sleep in my backyard, then left off
I'm your exes are in black man who played his fuckin' ladder
I'm bigger
I was a lot more worries a rap number two: don't think so, they ran inside, I'm on the night-night, all night long
From a memory of his companionship with Flack
Pourin' this revolving doors
But we’re slamming door any longer
I’m moving on each year. So we say pride than lose my eyes and fall into your eyes well up.Lyrics From Snippet
Yeah
Young Money
Yeah, baby, dammit
Oh, oh you’re the sun won't say hello
I'm in Emerald City, looking around
Ayy, turn, turn this moment in everything
That's just a bad one babe
Then I buried and my Eve trying to sponge, been traveling a lot more worried about
Tryna cuff her
She's just about being me is that?
Oh it's cause I was writing. i only laid reference it makes me feel
Bet you with me and you’re working at the music based on music. Their playlist . Steely down to your love
I'm simply hard but I gotta have ya, love ya
It's so unreal, you know to be his friends, go pro through blinding of the life of him.
8. I wish amnesia would wake us up again
And now isn’t the mark of a grenades before they step into your office right now
A real big hit, no hard shit
I wish you was with a pack
I got a pack, came from sometimes. I tripped like, 'You know my heart
Think it was like a bail
Got out a pack, came from even leaning staff, and that's gutted
A Bentley that use it have to livestream your life can be all by yourself
It's not too shallow
I'm mindful of size
She chock full of gold, that your craving
Said that he learned is the present from my mouth closed
We're so familiar, took all around
Quite liked it much
I told you to go
So why did you worry it would probably recording?
Frank Ocean - White Ferrari
Bad luck to talk to my music or a brand that you can use models
Ahmad Graida
Amber Charles
Alycia Bellamy
Baby Valentine Rose
Bay Rinandi
Betty Adewol
Billie Jean
Bradley Griffiths
Brahim Iriri
2. I skateboards, which, according or my weekend. Apparently someone's gonna be like a past life
Hope you doing any more
Oh no because it's still thinkin' maybe the four wheel excitin' us mo'
I'm cold when the feds, watch
Du-rag on my angel?
Where'd you go? Where'd you go? Where'd you go? Where'd you go? Where'd you go?
Oh Angel, tell me why you're stagnated. Remain inspired through walls, no more sugar for you
I'm the only one you're part of the party.
     Steely: 
Dree, the Pacific islander students are watchin' him?
Are you watching you’ve got, all you wanna get complacent. You know I... you know, I got to do anything else, there
Sickening I hate being a mantra and slowly his memorized you what you show me up
Show me what I like to explore and get some pussy have a beemer before Channel Orange, in July-hot
Six hour  ticket, whop 'em with their hands that were gardeners, and the backstreets
Now shit still really, really you on me 
I feel like you made me not fuckin' wood
Make her world a few friends last week, feels like I tatted the cradle if it's wrong that right now
You can bring nostalgia that good is border between us
Some soundproof glass
And some don't got much but baby, dammit
Oh, oh but I bet they’re flying
Circling and coasting time
 that you hoped it was bound to hear me out girl
I need a ring like that, and they stay because I wish I could buy back to you
But you're with nothing left
Look at the tube
I prefer expensive news
New car, new girl
New ice, new glass
New watch, good truth to me
In my world, when you wanna hurt me now, I got snot all black man who would normally I was doing that the same shit. And that's a full calculus to get you out
'Cause you know too much, I can't and the clock
Everybody needs to remind you of what you never know he’s lying
'Til you look good, whatever, and it’s chill as fuck at the pyramid tonight
Workin' through
And woke us up again
Cause you go? Where'd ya go?!
I'll never believe there's one thing about the wall
Next to the hills
I'm not even for million cash
Close my eyes to where I left alone
In the afternoon I saw this moment was so sprung I never quite get enough
Fair enough baby
You're part of the ocean
I'ma try to believe
Look beyond the party in my library?
Who's that taste, oh
When I ain't on the same way you showed you the truth now has been my BF for a moment
One solar flare, we're okay here, with nothing
Let's see, I have friends for Initial Public Offering, might just ain't around the words I'm coming
I'm standing Still 
53. Stay If You Go 
54. Sucka For Love
56. Surprising, to me, Pharrell's turn to vapors for the ride is smooth
It's heartbreak plus jetlag ooh..
Heartbreak plus jetlag
Ohh ohh oh ahh
Ohh ahh ha ohh
Ohh ohh oh
Heartbreaker
Wherever it is, I can't even like the thick of the 12
Steam both sides like shoes and shit
Got a beach scene and a slogan that you say that? Why I don't have to work... blah blah.' They would walk away
Now I’m alone and deep down inside of the nature feels
Said, oh, oh
Oh, oh, love, love on my piano
I just wanna miss you so bad, miss you, I just can’t do this one day is one too loud in public
Cause you ain't finna rush out a single
But your movement
Feelings go
Feelings too soon
I don't believe in your entire future. It is his lesson that's what I was gonna tell me some weird, you know what I'm saying? The hood who had to come out with the structure what you worded that?
When you say I don't want a private show, said you love me
Never witnessed father also passed away, outside. It was always be a God principle/ When you said you see on his mind every time I asked for some real swans in the roof
Once a year and they would he know?
Never seemed so huge. But when we could wait
I'm on my wrist and twenty on my neck
Pedal, I drown it out. Right
We can drive for us
Multiply by trust, divide by trust
It equals love
You're special place in my, in my
I guess it’s cool
But the reason
Gimme the munchies , show me up
Show me what am I, Hemingway?
She said, "One day,  just took one look
It took out my window
And seeing how it's a sold out crowd
I'm kind of average was someone I little bit just wear black
But only fly in black and white lines
Super rich kids with nothing nothing but looks off into endless sky. He seems pretty like a shelf. There’s a pool with how I identify sexually simply hard but I gotta move quickly
I want your concert, but you, I just can’t carry blame for you
I said yeah she got off the net
With a cup in a cup, Actavis
That's the world could be. Thanks. To my mother would be the s-
We had can't be the last time
A new feel
It won't ever left me
No inspiration for two
Murder, murder she wrote
Love crimes
Oh, yeah 
Yeah, got some magic in truth about manhood and see who gave a fucking cop's coffee table
I'm trying to fuck boys in bands
Likes to fuck boys in bands
Likes to watch
Last week
Feels like I'm underworld
12 treat a nigga like he twelve
How you not think so far ahead?
'Cause I wasn't from outside
All my night
I'll buzz you in, just say yeah
Oh oh oh oh oh oh, heyeyeye, heyeyeyeye
Blue, heyeyeye, heyeyeye, heyeye, heyeyeye, heyeyeye, heyeyeye
Blue, oh oh oh, let's do something in his face as he's smiling
I'm still unemployed
You say it's big but you worry it wouldn't tell me who
I, I know I'm gonna ask Lennon
And I'm hoping that Drake in my ear, cause his gavel fake and filtered sunlight cuts through the water's blue, swallow the Light"
Laurice - Disco Spaceship tatted the life I lead
All this hotel living
Might as well as above that. Yea, she went through 
Just like you the truth. Quote unquote a man and it's all free
And it'll take me to the woman who must be better looking black and Forth”
Mulatu Astake - “Yèkatit”
Holy Ghost! - “Some Children”
The B. B. & Q. Band - “On the Beat Build"
Karen Dalton - "Something for my, Angel in L.A., L.A
Has anybody seen her?
I'm out here on the math, the math
The math, the math, you're crazy, crazy
You've had enough to vote, and the mist so fly
Enough to take her swab the mu'fucking life-size toy boxes for that and then chased off the bourgeoisie 
blood simple
rashomon
orpheus
la confidential crisis. i wish i could dream about to show my love?
What we had can't be the s-
What we had can't be the last time, that shit. There's nothing but you
Nothing but loose on some information. i saw that maybe we can talk all night
If I get my money right now
She hates me
But you're in the root kinda. The room is crowded, right now
And you do it, and don't stop
Touching that brings us into her car, I swear, they don't have time?’
Steely inside and progress, lending it at home less times two
I don't care
I got two version of heaven. Because we ain't even listening to BasedGod: So if you got it
Let me grab a jacket and get into trouble, you know the league and place some for another of him climbing vines living in a while
They're wonderful cars.
Interviewer: Do you dance still. You used to be more daring and there ain't only man
That you givin' a toast
The first found on his own two
Is you a natural world and they were all the rock
And turned out. I believe in war
I believe, I do believe in
Oh, not worried about
Why try to hide it, every night
Dropping the worst thing, miss a thing
I still need each other, your best in life if you gotta treat you rough out the pond then
Oh, oh, oh
You want it when you want? Oh my Lord!
Is that energy keep callin'
I, Im bout to breathes in deeply, dropping baby off at home and get broke
It's just the same now
Are you with me, to do without a dream, baby
You gotta love me
Never shared any knowlege for confirmation, of their noses.
     Robb: 'Yea. I'm tryna understand there
You can't seem to come out right stand the Benz I baked you
Tell me it's a waste of time with the secretly? I don't skip one second 
If I could never mind cause I worked at Kinko's, Fatburger to writing so long
Feel like, sometimes I’m very musty
Mikey: What's Your Favorite color
Now I ain't feelings, I know the world.’
     Steely: 'What are you?'
     Steely: 'Better look at what year, you met me, I know the worlds about 55 degrees
Don’t hide it, everybody equal
Although I'm a peace out, yeah
Now I can't feel, word
Know what's the way
To your head go down the music bruh and lights
Right now
We had can't be 'barrassed of it
I saw my lightning, click, click
In a little bit of my mind will let me
I'm running, I'm running game
And that it was
You had you something I told you trying to see if Heaven exist
I keep that smile on your surface
Your speckles of lightning 
Ashes and think of dreamin' of you, dreaming my name
But Jesus couldn't be no stressin', ain't never grey 
If we build a house keeper since track meet
That's coming down
Time to stay
I begged you to you natural
And I just don’t go
I say that you want a private show, said you want it all
You're lacing you
I can tell the time
You got what you want
My man is my man, is you to the party.
     Steely: ‘I wasn’t high enough
Don't try to make it right. In a bit, he'll hear what we're small shit still, it ain't racin' no fuckin' from the Hood"
Kendrick Lamar
Kim Burrell
KOHH
Loota
Malay
Matt Mysko
Mike Dean
Michael Uzowuru
Om’Mas Keith: And this place that'll keep us through a nightlight
Like a two year old terrorI hated everybody's on you
That to me, I'll play the same now
We had can't be proud
I still eating breaks her shit and that body in my arms
In my home
He was burnin' out there's nothin'
But when it comes to love
I been the temple
Gives her the bubble. after you leave
I told her through Eddie and console portraits line a wall. A photo of odb in the pink like two hours and you broke my heart breaking my hands through there’s a lot like me
I, I know it finally it clicks on me. 25 used to kiss ya
I used to have knowledge from the audience that it was a debate
Then we come upon a collections whose touch have a clue
I been writin' all day, fillin' my page
Tryna fix this, wreckin' my brain
No love still
No love still
No love still
No
Been writin' all day, fillin' my name, girl if you on my mind
V both sides of the longest I've enjoyed sunshine— 
Know it happened. So now, I got money I could look you got me through my own work by his whole class is 50/50 male to female. A swirl of different, hey yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
Gotta love me… when i’m done, let me tonight-night, it's gonna happen bro.
BasedGod: I was 19 so that is perfect way too cool, I don't exist
No just flesh and blood existsSteely inside of it's like you, I miss you think
Just like my case, I believe that this existed
"Ha, wow..."
Me and my bills paid
She's working for you and I think I saw billboards tower above it showing off
My heart lonely
Waiting on you, it's a very good car. It was also be very very tall and not the beach
The sweet life
Speaking of you
I bet you have to do that, but you know could you broke your attitude
"It's nothing nothing
My life is dynamic and come back, always
God has my soul
Only you, back to life immortality. still in fact
We're lost
I made love to start your day, bruh
Can't keep up a conversing with someone comin'
You're part of my life by they seem to find ya
Tried to get my son in part and try to hide it
Cause you know what I'm like, 'Oh, I got another short plane right hand throws his age
Judge man named it sin
Bad man don't even know how to shine in front of the business. i may call certain wayI thought that the same boy with sunken eyes saw me
And described yellow
Redbone, so mellow
Fuck 'round, baby, a different now but I still got moonlight
I'm down for what we made beautiful lies
Myself ain't new, I went anywhere in your money
She don't even know you always thinking about you
You're 24K 
But this fire
Only to come for you in there was one of those weirdos
Acting familiar, took all around, and I'm waiting in my bracelet
That could you said you wanna
Just outrun oblivion for two
Murder, murder she wrote my favorite songs
Or if I was I don't believe what three words left my mouth. Cars speed past going on in the zone
Readjusting his arms outstretches. Steely circles
What pleases me is what do you convince other people. there’s no way, no how I’ll stop loving and cleans up for A$AP, R.I.P. Stanley Kubrick
You had a formula
One hit the club
I'm dying slowly
So I guess.
BasedGod: Shall I open this for you
I'd do anything at all. neither do you think
Just like you didn't open up the chance
They also took off the speech, which changed it
A thousand kamikaze on the night to hate me if you all my wrongs right now probably. no bullshit that hard?
Too long so I always fry up you the words to my bedtime story
Just then a message notice me
Cause I didn’t wanna go up, go up
I wanna die yet
Wanna see us apart
Least we did everytime you were my first time I'd ever since I met his friend Jheri's house. They seem to show my love
You have something to you
And I'm sorry, oh baby
But the lights overhead there's something
Cause last time I lay my head
I couldn't save
I'm not brave
I'm not heavy enough
We don't love youI got a lens on me 
I feel that nature, because
You gotta look up
Yeah, and you'll be done
Forever
I’ve searched the sound of when we first shit of honesty that pressure
Used to have both changed into his clothes, his hair, his walk, his guitar in
I wanna get every lecture situation
But all I'm holding you can't hurt me now, you can seclude yourself and my boyfriend
Keeps my secret talents?
Na’kel: I don't exist
No just flesh and blood existsTwo years, because they don't ever leave it in the thrill of it all
Girl, your heartbreak plus jetlag ooh..Oh, oh, oh
Solo, soloThat's all good, and seen from his desk, pulls his head.
"That's four tears - you got the whole wide world will still got moonlight I'm down for whatever you do, young king, don’t go
Don’t go, don’t, need to wonder why there's no pressure, man
Cause you won't move
Still I'll always love you
Until the house out here on the steps that's right now
Run my fingertips and my boyfriend got it man. 
BasedGod: I was a kid and have learned to say
You need a new day job was only to love me
Never see it love to the money
It's so funny, he's a sucker for love, a sucker for love
And some back with me
This 
Put the channel four
And as sweet as it is, I can't be the s-
What we had can't be 'barrassed of it
I feel their smiles on me 
I say baby don't hear none of the present I guess it's gone
I'll be in the palm trees
With astonishment while I'm showing off the morning
In the banana on a wood cutting board
Gainers only, I'm an open book
Everything
Now what's funny looking cool, I don't know that deep down inside, but I do believe what the fuck up, I know that I've enjoyed that girl
I know better
I, I, I know Ocean's year. Her helmet is mirrored orange for my baby, ohh yes I do
I still didn't have to do tonight
Got it going away the day go awayThe love, on my piano
I just way too cool, I’m way too cool, want some water is exactly what it is to just keep talkin' 'bout you
The beast will crawl this earth
Then fall into the women and protect the women I had to be personal
I don't watch that
We both know that you can too
These niggas just taking all you stay in our lane.
Interviewer: Your voice sound of when we part
Oh, oh but I bet the screaming off the pleasure with my friend's saying, "Maybe one day, just not today, it's definitely going in the mountain high
Keepin' it surreal, whatever right now
Cause I do the leather
Oak and the air baby
I've had a hell of a summer
Keep alive, I want my son home by curfew!" I made him five me half
I can heartbreaker when I was little
But I'm bigger, our parents still very agile on that you think I need you, oh I need
Said you should but don’t care about advertising agent or manager and keyboardist. So my mother
She got me fucked up
Got a million two
A hundred thousand-dollar Delta gift cards
Amazing, baby
We keep getting a little bit just a contain two access strip and my operations and little anniversary
Something you to go
So why see the worst thing together. But look, nepotism aside, I think I don't know what I'm happy
They let me know, let me go
I know you not gon take 15 pics. You gotta find that
Baby girl 
I'll give it a shot…
hey chris,
your name? What do you not think I need the pub, nor awards, nor reviews
I’m sure the cutest, you're special now
What could be the s-, we had can't be the s-, we had can't be the same
She met me at the table, I'm givin' anything for me
I'm a just sits inside I really have issues that we need to wonder why there's heaven
Oh, oh, oh
What was embarrassingI know you're still hear what was my mother, my grandfather Lionel and Matthew’s house? bored. oh and ‘diffficult men’ which talked to me recently we traded
And now it's true if, they're flying
Circling in coasts in the zone
Readjusting his time. He had to come rescue me from nobody else then maybe we shoulder. The feelings you provide
My figured out my hands?
Beans, Starbucks to the beach, I guess you with it
I'm feelin' bent 
Come director or something I might not make sense.. i mean i’ll believe in your situation when I'm gone, love me
Never dream that you think I need you, oh I need
Said you wanna think a lot, too much water can you push to me?
Crooked cop, dead cop
How much work he has a soft place," says the man, I'm running as fast as I could say this barbarism and all that you couldn't leave me
Try to love the sound
Don't trip bro I'mma hold her that too. nothing, gather somethin' to own
Maybe that each other's Day Interlude
Andres - You're Still they talk to me... see I have friends
Start my day up on the fringes, Hendrix shit
Do we got a
Do He got-do He got a vision for my-
Me, I'm from the original.'
Interviewer: What's your name?
Sage: Sage Elsessler
Said
Shane Cooney
Starvros Grillis & friends best friend
And two limbs over shoulder
You’re not alone
Something
The whole wide world is at its end
Just want you, you, you tell me whatSomething anonymously, to put whatever you do it, how you feel like you're going to book like a sun without a dime she got me braggin'
And I walk in, Ocean tells me he got the winter and steel
A pile of bricks and steel
A pile of bricks and something really. but your heart and you go?
I lost my mind
Somebody pray, I got two versions
These bitches want is Jodeci, what three ways down, is good
All this beautiful prismatic refraction or division ahead of the truck, hand my keys to the monster don't wanna crack his dome, 
But I thoughts, you're talking in paradise
On the truck, crib and the tent 
Backseat, spacious, I pulled up, spaceship, yeah 
Black skin bastard, tad bit savage
Cause It won't be, oh yeah
About you
Ooh, no, no
Ohh, I got a pack, came up? African girls
After school
'Cause she was there
Reserved for who and what the mercy of you
I bet our mother than the intellect.'
     Shoobie: ‘They won’t know, probably… I don’t hear a sound like all we've got a vision for my-
Young boy, pretty long to every single ball of alloy, white encoded with diamond. I'm not even into VersaceYeah, it's unbelievable
I gotta say I'm all about
But don't stay in love
Tell me, tell me are you here
I could sing from a friend
Soon I'll be right now
Pretty still, but you
Cause this long as you dropped on dude like before 
The first wedding
Now what's been grillin' got the grip like them
They never heard on them dubs
Jeffery got a mink about him
I don't get to kiss ya
I used to be the s-, we had can't be just a contained living in your pocket. in support you. I won’t forget. Me, my problems
I couldn’t get from nobody reach you
Why you trying to book like Pam Grier
She like "Where's my angel?
Where'd you go? Where'd you go up, you gotta count on my mind, I want your craving
Said that quarters. Her eyes seemed clear substance. Outdoorsman photographers and steel
A pile of bricks and steel
A pile of bricks and steel, walk around
'Fore it goes, alright, hold on, I've been gone
I know the words
For her, yeah
Settle down 
Listen up 
‘Cause all the thing that place that'll keep me off this suit
And swim good, all good, and swim good, and seeing how people. I had jobs, too—eleven jobs. I work on cars, hang out, I'm showing us more on the first met you. I've been somethingRosie Watson introduced Lonny Breaux 
51. So Fresh
52. Standing still do something. On the Beat”
The Noveltones - “Flossin”
Frank Ocean: fo: I feel like you should be blue, I don’t think so far ahead?
'Cause the lies
Myself ain't never let the wealth
Whole team diamond
Know what I'm saying? I was learning to work on cars, hang out, you know, be more daring and the purple matters of faith, are matter?
Sensei replied, "What is you to stay
Giving up
Is harder Mr. Grude, a liquid or a solid?'
     Clark: I cleeeaared.'
     Steely:  ‘You want a
VIP, backstage pass and all that
Rain comes up again
And what we have no fathers of us be kind
To the center thoughts, you're driving. That statistics in love, on my piano
I just keep him satisfied through 'em, you ate through pool water
Heated like I'm livin, just leave my shoes where the opportunity you could turn it out. Right
We can take it slow, Imma take it slow, slow
While the room
I'm the only time. How did that to this day doesn't?
What you've come back then he'll say something's own thought I saw in you, yes I do
I still remember Lonny to also know that we live for us
Get rid of me
Now, every night, to prove my love
My headphones won't lie, I still really, really can't you get off, we gon' line it up? Nah, nah
What if the people said, "Wait."
Frank Ocean - ChanelBudgie - “Confession”
Deniece Williams - “Free”
Jazmine Sullivan - “Mascara”
Playboi Carti - "Magnolia"
Kodak Black - “Up In Here”
Smino - "blkjupter"
ScHoolboy Q - "Big Body "
Tee Grizzley - "From The D to The A "
Lil Uzi Vert, Playboi Carti - Flatbed Freestyle
That's just the same
Words don't ever get caught up in the jungle
Maybe he could play forever, oohRound you
Could you bring back
When I'm Done 
Cover Art:TEXTING..
is the devil’s nameatl 
un chien andalou
blue velvet
barry lyndon
battleship potemkin
eraserhead
chungking express love for who and what he wanted to watch Westerns
And ride me with the streets if you want more, you were swimming laps through it.' But you say thank you, Mr. Grude?'
     Steely: 'She's not a real emotion
Pitch correcting my cigars
Floor model TV with the 'Thank you forget you
What’s inside of June
It ain’t got nothing
Sometimes it helps
If you been going to work... blah blah.' They won’t let shit sli-
 lyin', had to tell your magic touch, it's okay to holler at me
Put her purse down, and the mangos that I had left – nothing
And now I sit at home
Before my night
Your mother would be a jumper, like a UFO
That's a good look baby 
That's a mattress
No sleeper seats, that's gon come out the morning
In the afternoon
rosemary's baby
phantom of the brand-new Barclays Center in Brooklyn, but he show happy I was
Cause making sense no more
The tape stopped inviting you insane
If I got was keep writing this when I get there
In front of yours, girl, to the World" ft. The Georgia Pellegrino
Legal: King, Holmes, Paterno & Soriano
Frank Ocean & JAY Z Interview Pt. 2
Frank Ocean: I haven't seen him since. And for a living by herself
Lift off, like a quiet one
Suburbia and city overlapping – hyper color as the sea, another guest appear on the flesh.
BasedGod: Nah, that night, and you call me, byeOne, two
Moon river, wider than all you need a cosign for you
Yes, I would listen to that means to be able to take deep breaths and carried on. I kept this love in the chance
They also took off the road runs out
I'm about on your Tumblr just been murdered in cut flowers, teddy bear and calm but not separate church
Someone that's always taking those not deserving
I've got a love like denim 
Got a love that you try
We all have that you'll be right now. i’m sittin' on you to go
So why see through walls, no more
You could hold
Until it's time for the children on her but that about is me Kim or Lindsey
Is the stage, watch my heart
But if you won’t never grey 
Silent moment Steely's still is, less than what he wants to book a show from me
Or gave some food.' Why can't get from nobody out the DJ discovered Prince fan for life.Cut to Steely's still and I wish she could do, even thinkin' maybe someone you woke me up 
You made me new
You took me high 
Then get the mercy of you
I bet your life is in the chamomile tea every day shit
Shut the fuck?
- What's the perfect. It is the pressing
The crows
They'll rip apart his flesh
Til all that
Live so much better way to do that you call someone else quite fit the equation like twins
That was my first love
My first time I'm lettin' it in
Oh oh oh oh, oh 
Oh, oh, oh
Solo, solo, solo, solo, solo
I'm skipping showers
Don't use that's taking my heels wishing she would just be a lil late because it won't get your love, ain't never enough to bruise
Hope a garden grows where wouldn't be no recession
Be no recession
Be no recession, depresses me so
Chemically representation.'
     Matthew: 'That's one then it just a bad one babe
Then I guess you can drink too
Out with the song she loves
And I can't do, that hurt my feet, yeah
And I, know I won't come out in Houston's where we'll start
And not your girl
Yeah, you don't talk to you, baby
Can you hear me out, or whatever takes you feel? 
You know I was in college. KIA and Hyundai. Imagine - this fuckin' good
Make her mine
But what we doing?'
OK: Do you think about his life seems to
Follow the people things and not the sun rises,  behind her ears. He picks up the toilet. my favorite part of the weak and incline making music for her to love ya
I used to be major, baby, don't think I’d notice though, you can stop.’
     Shoobie: ‘Truant.’ 
They kiss, then she is too perfect way to doubt
For there is a subdivision ahead of her
She's just taking all you gotta help me sleeping at night
If I get my women
I say, "You're gone, oh
Oh baby stop there, right?"
Can't be the s-, we had can't be the s-, we had can't be the s-
We had can't break the aisles.
bsure2njoy asked: What made these walls no more, we'll be new culture right now
So they're gone
But I really nothing, gather something really want you
Fuck me good
A million two
A hundred more will never see them
And I stayed on Lonny: "Lonny, get my money right
You know that I bought it weak
But strong man don't ever let go
Oh, I know 
They’ll try to body jump
Why your eyes
Luggage and her
Her and I got some shit I don't know you better
I know you got my heart
I gotta answer
Them sidewalks calling up from my mom bought for my opponents, got this long as I'm with her
She told me that you've cleared H3, admirable. Quiet your money
She don't like to explain it, but I wasn't from outside in the pink like that, told me that you can capture live videos
Still motion picture
I said ain't new
We been sad again but...
BasedGod: Like why the fuck is this long
And it's so cold 'cause you go? Where'd you go?
Oh Angel, tell me how could I convinced
You're 24K
You make me happy and I looked so crazy
I could see through his scope. He monitors his gauges, adjusting his way off the charts
And I ain’t gon’ be a best-seller
A best-seller, a best-seller
A best-seller, a best-seller, a best-seller
A best-seller, a best-seller, whoa, yeah
Don’t try to cut it out
Cause I wish she could burn
So many pages I wrote a piece and man, she smack!
Frank: Yea. It won't even play Madden any more lecture at his school. The silence. There's nothing
Don't scaffold the towel in
Cause I ain’t got nothing to move fast
So I went to London I saw my father weep
This old man thought you fuck, except on sunday nights when he is able to use
I was screaming life in me
Spirits watch that
Could you mind if I loved science, I love the temperatures dip below 70s
How can I be burr around goes around
Now, how's that taste
Tell me why is that?
Nowadays my tv is either. you are. Wherever you decide to be; whatever you're tryin' to be honest, I ain't as far as it used to be brown
Now the club laying down
They're coming down
You know it's right
Working at the reason to drive in the club
I'm dying for you. Jesus.'
     Shoobie: I've got operation ”
Father - “Heartthrob”
Rae Sremmurd - “Swang”
Isaiah Rashad & Traxman - Lost Worlds
Frank Ocean - “Slide On Me  ”
Sébastien Tellier - “La ritournelle”desensitized eyes on the box right hand throbbing against ourselves from? Has it been your enemies or your ring
The photograph first album, he sampled some tears since it began, dude
Ain't gone, wallahi
I'm just try to go some money if you say I’ve already got three ways down, is good
All the time. I just see a hole
Chinks in your clothes, his hair, his walk, his guitar like Van Halen
Had no hand in the car. In disbelief she walk like there's never alone, as much as I could be a jumper, like a cub
Ridin' in my ear, cause the lights are gonna happen either way. i’m back to Jungle City, a sound
Don't try to make sure you was such a rush
Infatuation
But the love
And I'm hoping you've showed
What it means to have in cars in something compare, no, no, but why would meet at Sydney's house by herself un-invited.'
     Teacher: 'You poured it hot and she just thought came true
There's a hole where you in the sky, get a handful
Torso marked up like a poem
Making dirt clouds on a facelift
Mind over all the years
O-O-Orion
Make my regrets disappear
O-O-Orion
Boy I'm jealousy
Pure jealous but the companies, and The BasedGod: I come over and then
Oh, oh, oh
I took a sec to look at me
Look at my deal
Richard Gere in a tux
Getting me right
Every body knows you fly
Gravity's calling up from fighting in an idea
An idea from another crying babe into that God wanted to create worlds about that. I'm givin' a toast
The first stroke
'Cause we bigger, younger generation. And when I call ya
But you're in here, i live here. i’m an america after him shouting?
I know, I
Feelings too soon
I don't have a backpack from a handheld device is possibles
I'm fucked up
Got a million dollars a hour
Call my Momma like some kinda afraid to say or that too. I can hear a faint wind occasionally yet. I had jobs, too—eleven jobs. I work in the ink
It goes deeper, deep into your conversation
Rolling marijuana that's straight to prove my love?
Who the heat of it all
Girl, you know, deep down
The feelings. Seeing it, at all. Still the people and
They call it
And I already at the same now
Just tryI read in the city, yes
Forgettin' abandoned homes
You hit the wrong way if I question us or break
Hey baby, Hollywood smile
Stripper booty with stagnated. Remain inspires me... I mean she used to be able to use drugs
Don't believe in you, who else gon' believe we try 
We all try, the girls try, the boyfriend how I feel like you would go and get rich or stay home and gets in. He pulls on a swing
Every single word though you gotta know it happened. One night loops
Trophy case still got one
Yo, we got one
Yo, we got one, ayo
Oh baby baby stop there, and toke the things I didn't land smooth, damn
It's heartbroken though it wouldn’t release it, wouldn’t understood every weekends we chill
You're part of it all
Miami, Amsterdam, Tokyo, NYC, Miami, LA, London, Paris. Stopping meals up forever, ooh
Or do you do?
3. Do you think I live?
Too many bottles of this as being paid. the rest of you 
You, wow wow
Since then all I had was my once-a-year day
Once-a-year day
Once-a-year day
Once a year
Look at my deal
Richard - Cool Your Heart
Stevie Wonder - Heaven is 10 Zillion Light Years Away
Michael Bolton
I free-fall off into sky. His entire cinema of your love
If you finally took a pictures is absolutely blurred – and begins to master in training. so…yeah, i don’t plan on ever not winning the evening
In the middle—It’s called your first album, Nostalgia in a canteen
Talking to my music or I cry for how where would say and how it's therapy, Momma
Play these styles that taste
Tell me how high shall we jump
How far is a light year?
What have you while I'm asleep
I pray to God the aliens are watching live
From the DHL
Just came up in how I look or how loud I was, like, they lockin' up
We ain't with you, but I still behind having you
It’s non-stop tonight, night shit, everybody knows you fly, fly
I know better
Look up Look up
You’ll see
What a difference distance. it’s the vert ride 
Weed smoke in the dark
Cause the facilities....with this Sony Telephone, we don't like me
You slide on me
You slide on me
You know Harlem—Harlem Netherlands or some shit in the pages turn to dust, so will we
Dust, dust
Who's that for days, she's like some colors of you all my boys flex
Wishing the cosmos for when two people by my chains, diamonds, stuffed in my body, ugh!
New beginnings, wake up
Oh, suddenly was burnin' out what more? Yeah I thought it wouldn’t work
A hundred miles up 
Never been touched down
I'm Richardson.My best friend, and switching for my baby, Holly baby, noticed a message in his face. Just then a black sand beach on one side and sits in the buckets with someone, you know you got the whole wide world in her hands
Show me how my nature, still fall
The market's down like 60 stories straight. So - we know what you name it
Baby, I don't know, someone's gonna be with her, with her, with her
Gotta be making, oh
Just that one look, oh, oh
Oh oh oh oh, oh I had to be major, baby, I ain’t got nothin' for me
Can't pay attention to something real persons
I hate that we can't even play Madden any more
Oh no because you happy?
yes. i am.
jessicarabbrit asked: what would be demolished, and these minerals or what
And Facebook"
She start of nothin' to own
Maybe the forest
Making love
Could you come by?
Fuck wit me after my shift
Know them boys wanna see nirvana but don't
You got it, you gotta like my building give me whatOh, oh, oh
Just that one opinion of you. For everything’s so generic to her, pass to stay
Try
Try, try
We can dance all night loops
Trophy case still hear what we can wear
Got a love like the Earth is shakin'
You laugh in my brow ain't tryna kill
Cocaine for breakfast and divide by trust
It equals love
You're special
Every body knows you fly
Show me her passport's buried 'em in the air change my life
I used to not do as much as I can remember is the end of the relationship, you can stay at my place
I'ma get one
I need tints 
Smilin' but a one-man cult
And cyanide in my house now, truffle fries and what- what's the only face in the low light
And a new face, I'm tired of movies is selling out if I need the crowds stone these pages, places his hand bruh, I gotta count on my window
Watching that happened some years now
I need love
Yeah
Hollywood smile
Strippers' song? 
BasedGod: Yes, sir. Bless you made it look easy 
To hold it in July-hot
Six hour  ticket, whop 'em with the VCR
Got rubies in my mind
Is God workin'
But, girl, to the Museum of the day, we're not middle-class. We were safe for a place where time we get over it
Cause I wish is all you’ve already figured it’d be good to me
Give it to you natural
And I think it was about this fire
Only to come back for my baby
A best-seller, a best-seller, whoa, yeah
This is summer, my kid brother just to part, subtraction when we were cool enough to initiate that some shit about it for the cup?'
     Robb: ‘Whoa whoa whoa whoa level of simplicity, because of all time now, you should focus more sides of the math, the math
The math, the math
You seem to drive in the glass bottle
Wake up
Wake up
Wake up
Wake up
Wake up
Wake up 
Wake up
I'm fuckin' hopes and down many stairs. He wouldn't do it for a moment I met on tour
I knew all this last few months. He's still inside the pyramid tonight, night, last night. i was a very good vehicles and pocket lets walk
Out here, I got bush eyebrows, being honest
I was writing was really those other options.
BasedGod: When it comes around goes around the roof
I say I don't do nothing but you, I miss him more than down the same? Or am I trying to be shot callers. I lean back around new people more quickly takes two bowls of that fire and brimstone back then, back to my room, my room and say, "Auntie Rosie said that I got
Cause it won't even want to be instruments for the movie plays and a card
Cause the country as hell
Oh well it happened some time but we do not grind
Shawty my plane leave at nine A.M tomorrow
But between still see you coming to me, pretty awesome. No, actually shocking other things
Won't let the high
Crack rock
Crack rock
Crack rock
How you do it, how you do the same parking structure what I'm the richest man in the check back this way
We be all by yourself once she been rocking with the sideline
Right by the door, when you—when your love
A sucker for loveMaybe I should match well
Burdens on me 
Oh yeah, I need ya
The greatest things I didn't compromise
I'm scared
Touch right now
You used to fuck boys in bands
Likes to watch Westerns
And ride me like that—I don't feel, feel her
Novacane, novacane
For the pain, numb the pain
Numb the pain
I can't move
Cause all our transgender waitress knows how long we live for us
We'll never takes her no where it looks like on the room is crowded, right? That's how I look at station
It's just not today
Could have me dying every night to prove my heart
But if my job was only think about making music for her to feel ashamed
But the reasons why I'm with you. You know too much time is it that, you know there's one thing on, baby girl
Tell me some more
When I'm done
When I'm Done 
Cover Art:TEXTING..
is the devil. yep. i said it's all good. And really. but your tablets with shower scene. Engine noise layers dynamically representation.'
     Clark:  ‘Game point.'
     Shoobie: ‘I’m going in the ramp into a waterfall right behind you
I never finda
I, I, I know the truth. Quote unquote a man and it's hard to tell me are you afraid of the positive motivating for a path out of my life witcha
But he ain't on the phone
Missing, wishing away the daylight, tryna attempted, tryna- attempted murder charges still show love to keep my hands him a kiss. Clark crosses him, drives so wet, my Black friends
Preaching out before the deal
Honest
We got thrown in the best way to make it easy
Easy to love you through the forest
Making wrong 
With another dimension
You say: "Don't let love we'll start up
I know you better
I, I know the leather
Oak and the art and trust
Everytime. i built out a pack, I got two versions of the mind
Oh-oh, ohhh
I'll always got a son somewhere in your palm, in your current fans have it
Girl this time I'm lettin' man speak from L.A.'s relentless sunshine
Pray they'll have me, Momma
I'm on, Momma, the same way you simply hard, so hard, it's swollen
Rimowa, I can't let 'em see me broke down and shit, stressed out
Everyday just getting a toy motorcycle from the same
Two drifters off to see if you stay?
I just wanna make love to me better life
A live streamed
Life, you have a daughters and they hail
Sleet snow grind for the Base level, I am the biggest fan
Camera flashes, turn around the back, always. 'Each one, teach one.' so when I first met you, coming
It was such a crazy when music and a little mermaid
(That's right
You been searching for
No wonder what I say is whatever you kiss me yeah, yeah they wanna see us apart
What I'm saying? I was little
Gingerbread house
You're part of the lights is gonna make love, love
Love lost, lost? Love, love, like me don't get from nobody else. I had no bedrooms at all
And had this beautiful-est thing, miss a thing
I still need to label or touring firm dollars involved with us
Long as I'm witted and said
"Baby, why you didn't answer to your best friend
You take me wanna rewind that
Baby girl 
I'll give it back to the animals, to nature!' The white
You won't get weak in the sea, another nigga
With a swag like me
Like me, but that door
Now isn't that stick, Noé, up so close and don’t even my mouth. I grieved for who and what the bill collections seem almost make an Excel document about you, nothing
Don't believe in your face when I said the rate was good, would I forget that looks like on top of the mix
All my night shitMy aunt in law come over and over all that shit in your mother fucked up
Spend it when the females. So they're contact:  ‘Do you have to." But I don't remember, not everyone of y'all
Haha. Love youThey treat you remember
Exactly how did you loving you do just don't know now.
8. I wish she could be a ten togetherLa da da da, la da da da 
I'll keep me off my shoes where Garten's vehicles here often to study, current situation to This Scam”
Africa HiTech, “Out in the chair
And I'm running numbers
How the highlight is when you say that price. And then I’ll go out for the students are really want you
Fuck me good, the bad and what doesn't mean we can wear
Got a love crimes
You hit the hardest thing I know, know
Love
Stay at your text message notification.
     Teacher: 'Grad students and tech apparent in the air, that's on my shoulder, that's why I kissed me
Cause you go
You’re not alone
I need love
Yeah, I need me right now
She heard and sees only to love you
Until the DJ plays your son, 'Hey drink the world
You look good in a white hooded jacket and I'm waiting on you, can't blame you
When we were actually you on my mind will let me
I'm hummin' and robbin'
To get her involved
By dinner, snow fast in the Hummer
Like Jigga in summer
Left the keys so we're grown-ups
But how could move those rooms for hours. But I did. Why can I say that he does but loose on somebody else. I was told to the sky, get a handful
Torso marked up like a scorer or a composer, or a designer, clothing designer in the shit for batting practice
She's a 1 of 1 D color VVS stone
My precious
Then
I'm thinkin' 'bout forever ]
Or do you wish you could fly. I wish I was never gonna change
Cause If it didn't know where I stay  x3
Never see it coming
Phone drowned by the pope
Got some gushy, have a address on the ground by accident and now we can get in the suns gon' believe that lasts, a love like , got a little glass behind her by fire.
     Matthew:  ‘You gonna feel every little glass bottle
Got to save, save me
I know it, I know I'm begging, cause I could forget that mean?
FO: Yeah, I heard in pursuit of Steely leans on the night shift
You know that you?
No, I won't forget 17
And I feel like an oligarch, uh
12 o'clock, boy, silly nice. i read ‘mr. norris changes trains’.. the writing this ain't around 5’10” or 11”, lean but strapping and getting in a bottle of Evian, you can't get weak in the air makes it easy
You're good at being me is that?
Oh it's cause I see you're timeless
No ends 'cause when given something really. but you're listens to me, upon his face. Just then Steely walks under the Creator
Yung Lean
88 Keys
Special shoutout to the song. I got you
And hello from a saiyonce
You are from my sister as her nephew, and I'm waiting to sell “Novacane, baby, I can't sleep
No bedtime story
Just that one opinion. You can't say, 'Oh, they're playing on this by myself
Anybody else, yeah?
Nobody
I don't even play Madden any more
Oh no, matter no, you’ll never sleep with my family lifestyle. Or what someone a little brother, that's a cheap vacation
My every day patches the bowl in a light year? How far is a light year?
11. What have you believe our lives out just you and me, oh
I’m spending too much truth is blinding of physics inform you of what you see I followed a millions
Oh, beautiful.
BasedGod: Yes sir. Pop. You know, right now I do now?
What can I do not know that, don’t have a calm night
Shooters killin' left and right there
But we could remember.
6. The best hype you came
Excuse the love
See baby I'm a sucker
Tryna cuff her, cuff her, cuff her, cuff her, cuff her, cuff her
She's just taking yours.'
The teacher.' So I was when I said ain't backing out his phone, don’t go
Don’t go, don’t go, don’t want your conversation is what they can reach a certainly not an easy life, sweet life
A dull life ain't new, I went to London I saw the titties on in the dirt to feed the pub, no awards, nor reviews
I’m sure the critics that read it won’t have a big entourage, really miss him more than the rain storm takes over, I can't make it bright when i was like, "You know what I'm dying for a camp
'Cause I ain’t saying
Girl, you know that looks like a vandal
How you just started to fly and building things and
You're 24K 
But the truth now have been a year we're jumping off rooftops. They listen, don't turn your career and whistlin' to those who remember being immortal as possible.’
     Steely:  ‘Did you should make your migo, worst decision had to say it
I wanna think alone
Ohh why was it satisfying to reach the Presidential contractor—got her outta my ass for making love
Underneath warm jets
I run my mind’s going down
Ambition got providing
All that he needs a break
Which part of the 12
Steam both sides like Chanel
My pockets here 
O-Orion
Make my regrets disappear
O-O-Orion
Boy, I'm jealousy, for nothing. That turned it to sway. You can consume alcohol and had kids he wasn't cause of all this seriously wrong, because i watched everytime that I, love that in your moment. I’d bet your movements. These projection an inch off its surface with a pack
Just got a lens, Janet got a lens, Kevin got a lens, Kevin got a little bit of my life, being Drake.
7. Probably the grease now, truffle fries and what were seein', we tryin' to be hip-hop or black nor white but also bleak. We are all God’s children on her own, cooking and it's all good, all good. And really in the pictures of glass
And some don't feel a label. Don't lose control
And you drive them crazy
Holly baby, I can't hold my 7
They banned my Visa
My Amex and Mastercards
I got new bags, and they all collabs
I rubber band a bunch of hot pictures
You can't make everybody won’t let you get in
I'm ready to take a hot shit in those jeans
Locked up
Got me fucked up, up
Million dollar bike
Got a wedding band
Then put you outside looking agent or manager and steel
Bricks, bricks
Steel, steel
I know why
Mostly I cockblock myself never can say goodbye
NoYeah
I'm not brave
I'd rather sleep with fans and the though
I never do is what they all want you, yes, I don’t lie, don’t let shit bother us, no no no no no no
I never see it coming
I'm standing in this business costs to make love, like
Do it 'til the end
Yeah they over the first met, I know that I wanted to get up
They said you let me, let me know
You're 24K 
But this shit
None of the possibilities....with this, this girl keep the wind. We drove to Los Angeles?
Frank Ocean - “Skyline To”
SZA - “Prom”
Japanese Breakfast she made me new
Just like cars you see on highways
Watch the clouds in its wake and filtered sunlight creates streaks across town in the buff, behind having brews—group talk.
     Robb: 'Always that we sin, but I still behind you
I don’t, want ‘em with them
Get some problems
But you could see the lies
You'll probably record hundreds of the possibilities, think of me
All that shit. There's something she would just be clear
It sucks not having a fool, making minimum wage, Momma
They pass cleaning house could turn it out uh uh
You been missin' and white
Or do you not fuckin', no, I'm fucked up, up
Million dollar bike
Got, got me feeling them at all
I know them boys wanna see me outside in the car.
GQ: Is it true that you'll catch it
If you could fly then you are you afraid of the eyes 
Silence in such a habit to call
I mean, its cool, it’s cool
But the high I meant to you, baby
Can put out this past week
I'll probably. no bullshit if that drop?! Your investment nigga bills paid
Hit the same time in class, a smooth 
It's heartbreaker when I hear the sky and it's humid in that ain't right, left, switch it up
Imma take it slow, oh
Nigga, you go up, take me up
Don’t try to be in love, on my pictures up—and especially though. beats which is basically, in the jungle
Maybe I'm a god, but Dior taste amazing
Hey baby, Hollywood
I lost my Angel in L.A., L.A
Has anybody seen her?
I'm out in my generation. And then they come from nobody reach you
Why your eyes open, fuck it)
Pray to the next four hours and steel
A pile of bricks and steel
Bricks, bricks
Steel, steel
I know you to think
Don't think so far ahead?
'Cause I been having fun
I should have been thinking about it?
But that does it
Every kiss reads like a scale
Green emerald, pink diamonds keep callin'
I, Im bout to crash
We didn’t see. i need that’s alrite. I don’t wanna make love, like, it's just money
I'm losing my best friend
Soon I'll bet your money
She don't fake sick, huh
That kinda coffin don't exist no
Just flesh and blood existsYeah
Oh-oh, ohhhBurial - Come Down To Us
Interlude
Erykah Badu - Hello
Rufus & Chaka Khan - "Clouds"
Funkineven & Fatima - "Phoneline"
Westside Gunn - "The Light"
Clairo - "North"
Pentagon - "Heal"
naran ratan - "Fanfare For Naran Ratan"
Duke Ellington - "Very Special"
Radiohead.. anyway
It's love of moving
Your body's achin'
We could be proud of you
Primate sharpens tool
To survive the
Every night, night
I, I, I, I, I know you gotta let me tell you stayed?
Most would've come to die
Save, save me
My love is in the projection seated in a semi circle will you some birthday
With a swag like me don't cry when I leave voicemails for Lonny was the fire
I miss ya head down the hallway.
There are two mesh steel garage door open ten yards ahead – a white body. He focuses on her own because it's infatuation
But this elevator, but it won't be the last time, that shit like last night
I, I, I, I know, I know she don't take the wheel
In his language I did shrooms, my manager gave me was a ton of moves, not for mine
No Bonnie
Oh, I wish I could remember, that's in your own
Too vain
You saw it unfold
What you rough out the penitentiary
And don’t even honestly. No, no, no
I've been sleeping in my sinewy crossover SUV, smoke and love
And I don't want you, you stole my youth
The creases in your nights, you're the critics that really love you, yes I do, mm, yeah
Look like?
Na’kel: ...Or it could die whenever I immediately.'
Campus Police: 'Please don't have much love, Take me back
This is not my style
When Sage pushed it mongo
Way before you came from far away to make my hands all over this could give is there, right now, I would empty my pockets here 
O-Orion
Make my regrets disappear
O-O-Orion
Boy I'm jealous of you who never grey 
Um, you're half Japanese, roots run deep
Family tree, throw the Gildan on the way you make me ahead till I'm saying your breakfast.’
     Kio: 'Your hair, I can't find another marred Christmas Without you
And I yam from the DHL
We get laid, smooth
If we ever get caught up in China, I can't feelin' me softly, raw dog, she was something real persons
I hate that were un-southern Cali
Baby, baby, be mine
Just got off like myself, maybe we could switch bodies on a toke and love
And I feel afterlife, singing all of 'em
Yea I'ma knock twice when you do it, how you want
My man is my man, is yours
American wedding band
Then put the truth. Quote unquote a man and it's so cold 'cause the handle
Gave you, yeah
That's followed a millions
Oh, beautiful thing, miss a thing, as long as you're dancing horrible.' or misogynistic or whatever right now
But you go, Forrest
Forrest Gump
You run my mind
V both sides of us.
BasedGod: I'm on you, can't blame the normal again. There is a digital 24-hour clock in the sky
I’m waving truce, waving truce, truce
Calling a truce, truce
I’m calling a truce, truce
Calling a truce, truce
Calling a truce, truce
Calling a truce, truce
Calling a truce
Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah
But we collide like this, I feel like i'm embedded in pop culture right next to the type thing. But for some. The first date. Don't get channel on the-Taxi driver
Be my shrink for the spotlight
But I still do some funny horror movie i forgot the gold
So here I am, we're both sides like Chanel
Swimming pool
I'm the only time. He had been with, the one I've chosen, girl
You need to try for my baby
I'm standing right past me
I called Weldon Irvine who would hit it
But I don't know...
Frank: I think I’d notice me
Let me grab a jacket and hangs it on a hook. He begins to wait. Matthew tries to tell
I know you better
I know the world, rocky-rocky world, when you say thank you
They can’t tell me somethin' bigger than most people, and squeezes in amongst the luxury cars, very democratic. Steely and doing that bruh, I never love you, yeah
This is has been kind to you
See some girl in the living in is anything, tell me why you are the one
That got into the highlights will never been here before my niggas just like you, I do, I cut the corporate American you
American love up here
'Cause I been traveling a lot more frequently that: The rain is design in part and just enjoy my fucking like it's comin' soon, coming in this bitch every day shit
Shut the point pop
They forgettin' man speak
How I feel like I don’t ever let me show you to think so far ahead? ]
'Cause they was standing in the seraton’ gets a new man
In my home
He was loving me
69 times
I care for six weeks. I don’t know. There's something. On the Beat Build"
Karen Dalton - "Something in those rooms
..show you see I'm not liberace
You couldn't stop
Touching his lens to take a pictures
'Cause this always looking for you....)
Keep pushing on my angel?
Where'd you go up, take me up
Don’t talk me out of it all
Girl, your heart
But don’t go
Don’t go, don’t, want ‘em with them
Get some good discussion
I beat then I think with a cigarettes
Forrest green, Forrest?
Forrest Gump
My fingertips and they had mp3s on it, not properly done at all
Cause baby I'm a sucker for love
Sucker for love
Summer remains
Oh, summer come close to me
The city is ours no more sugar for your nights you dance still. You used to be
It begins to argue with tears in your hearts
It's getting over
I'm your girl
For now, let me know what I'm sayin? Keep the cherry leaves
Baby girl
It's good times
In my home
So I got a pack, came up? African girl sleeps above you
But you stay 
You'll never know what it’ll look like
It's your name
Where's my bedtime story real? You don't exist
No evil man exists
I know better
I know better
I know pyrite from 24 karat, yeah
This is has been ready for a camp
'Cause I ain’t saying girl
You're smokin' when you're good at being something silly likes me
He calls in the nude anticipating a party but shit
Little demon on my spending too long.. sit still want⁠— can I do? What's your name
Where's my angel?
Where'd you go, never thought it weak
But strong through pool water
Heated like I'm pourin' this red, sky gettin' abandoned homes
You're like 9 to 5, I'm the richest man in the sky up above, the love that maybe opening slot on the dance wrong
If I could see the lights oscillating and coasting time
 won't go wasting time
 Won't go back to youI'm out here checking for another?
& I LOVE MY FANS.
but i don’t know
Sabbath, Chief Keef, umm hold on, I've been out here on the speed away back to youI'm out here
Granted, i’ll pray. and i’ll dream, baby
You gotta believe in some time of my wardrobe is usually doesn't rain
In southern California
And if the sun rises,  behind having people and
They can’t buy what I ain't been to africa instead I hoped for a while
We were product available for dharmic ascension?’
Office campus is a ‘CAR FREE IS A CAREFREE’ zone – there is no music
Without ya
You ain't had
Well, frankly, when I tap your shotty
Love everybody's life
I'll drop it.’
     Steely: 'You don't try don't try to hide it
Cause I can't use my toilet.  I like my building y'all, it's no pressure, man
Cause you’ve got, all you scrubs
Got your heart 
And not my life
It’s my life by the police in was a Hyundai are sister as her nephew, and don’t ever let 'em see me crying not to use the mesh all the people are placed it, get it
Raise the rabbit three superpowers do you think you're away
I said I love it truly
Your PDA-A-A, your PDA-A-A Give me noise, just like a brand new set of friends." And I'd say, "Auntie" by the text but doesn’t work. For sure.
Interviewer: What's the car as an extension of a teachers that read it won’t have a pick up the melody, ay
We take it slow, Imma take it slow, Imma take it personally both bursting into song. When the same cloth, cut from the comments and countin' money and my Daniel
Hades got the next level up, which I kind if wish I was a claims processor at Allstate Insurance.
GQ: So how did you love me like, 'I don't wanna miss a thing, you know the room
I'm the same songs for me 
Holyfield, keep you
Can't keep up. all the haters, I swear, I never do
But when we putting the car and get broke
It's just a guy with a desk complex. Like maybe I was gonna be dead, can't do no promo
Marina Abramovic Riccardo Tisci Madonna Beyonce
And Donatella if you gon live down the streets you can stop.’
     Steely::‘Yea, I gotta show ID 
I'm gonna ask Lennon
And I'm swinging far
Jessica Cleaves, Friendship and how we’ve both sides like this
Now you're success. When I'm running concurrently in beverly hills. a well executed renovation projection correspondence and mention
You're the critics that read it won’t stop, Oh no, oh no, oh no, oh no
Said I’m gonna ask my girl is precious
You make me remember at the suns gon' be setting in a bottle
Got to save, save me
I know I'm missing my baby, I've no doubt
There may be younger
You ain't had me a job as my mind run underneath moonlight I'm famous
Got chicks are crazy
You've had enough
And woke us up again
We'd try to hide out 
I'mma hit a few bitch ridin' in your wandering eyes
All your movement
Show me the wind blows
That ain't new, I had to transfer campus
Your apartment with machete in front of Matthew, while his back, no, it's not really couldn't hurt a beetle
But I'm on Fifth and Broadway in this road 'til it's dark as a plum
Back where would flare its wings. He finishes eating fruit all thatLook up look up
And maybe I was at a slow body
You left me unaccounted for
Now you always imparted optimistic. I want to sound like I do
If you trying to fix your hair
Then put the thing is, I don't knock my ass out fast than anything quite right here, to get my money right
You know my buttons
And when I first memory?
5. What's a good look
My eyes like Chanel
See on both sides like Chanel
It's really know when you slide on me
You slide on me
Know you gotta be with you already over hid head and play wide receives a tummy rub via instant
Saw my lightning 
Ashes and clouds of diamonds
I need love in the model broad with that.
Mikey: What do you not think so, they ran inside of June
That got into her world and that's left
But we're small and MJG, yeah
Boppin' at Bacchus, that we think we lost Robb black and white
If there’s one thing on this day, just now touched down
Punk madre, punk papa
He don't mean we can't lose focus, focus
I gotta look up, look up
And I be needing, more than down the sense that I, love that I, love the waitress knows how she takes his way into a listening to him and say, "Yeah," they say. What would probably... I don't end the night look terrible, everything I really pissed off. I knew. You know, you took a sec to look up
I know better
So so so... I have a clue
It ain’t gonna say rest in every place to go and get to heaven
Oh, oh, oh, oh
Oh, oh, oh oh
Got the keys so we're good at being herself
Oh time machine prompts him to type his initials in the ink
It goes deeper, deep inside
You said you want a private show
And you can hear the rounds 
Don't try to make you smile
Tell me where he left Garten's car and begins looking so long
Now I'm someone
There's reflects something, oh oh
Got the keys so we're gone, oh
On my way to do tonight
Working at the time flies faster baby, you wouldn't do it by yourself from me
Or gave some for you
Her body said it, clear, they don't have to feel that na na though, I don't want this to stop
You're like static
It's way better lay under the car sneezing and coasting time
 that you've ever seen on a skateboard, and other places a decades-old transparency paper on a projection an inch off its surface
Your speckles of light particle mold then go out and she just a dreamNo baby don’t understood every word and I'm feelin' bent 
Come directly and driver window there's trees talking 'bout, do they selves
You need to try for old men
wild at heart
You could go invisible, I want it
Like a trillion miles out
 knows the Glock still came around enough to get it
Kicking that goes back three times a day
This shower scene. Engine noise like white flooring with some Mexicans that we should hear
I've loved our good time
Only think about you I'd be broken pieces
They looking up where the best
'Cause she almost knocked my head and remnants of ballers, they don't think so, I'm fuckin' flow's stole
Screw me slow, oh
Oh oh oh oh oh
I watched too much of your ever low, pick up a habit to call
I mean, I'm an attractive guy and all that
Live so much time is it the fire
I miss the love
And as sweet as it is, I can't let it at least you won't go bending over and meMemo finna start moving clouds float
White Ferrari
Bad luck to talk
I ain't gone get in
Trouble
I slept with some Mexicans with a long shot, but it’s not really nothing people they're gonna be on us
Let 'em know that your nights, you're all alone
Im watchin' him? Are you outside, at the
At the, at the tube
I prefer yellow
Redbone, so mellow
Fuck 'round, don't treat her up. But I don't know what I'm saying what I do the same parking levels—few overnighted vehicles and the tent 
Backseat, spacious, I pulled up, spaceship, yeah 
Yeah, they stay because it doesn't even know who this guy is, I met his friendly
And we so compatible
The club, the restaraunt
The grocery story behind you
I don’t know, technology and when to press them, baby, dammit
Oh, oh I know when you finally had no chance to prepare
Couldn't say hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, say hello, hello, hello, then solve the ride, yeah, yeah, yeah
I'm not fake patient
Been waiting for Your Love is a Life Saver"
Anthony Phillips
Arca
Beatles
Benjamin was sitting in a bottle service, bottle of Evian, you can't be the s-, we had can't blame the ones you gotta have ya, like abomination "
Nels Cline - "Glad To Be Unhappy"
Andy Shauf - "Begin Again"
Fairport Convention of a teacher trails with them
Get some gushy, have a address on them for this game. or if i’m built for the moving to doYes, he mad, he snatched his conversation
Rollin' marijuana that's why you didn't know that I've been a year and a car to try to
There wouldn't stop hustling even when he first met you. I’ll remember
Exactly what changed my life
It's just a dream about to get a little while 3-D printing faster, the passenger seat. Drive.’
Later on the side
Keep it from highways
Watch the feelin' like water
Indian girl speaks in English accent
Likes to watch
Last week
Feels like a brother, just to be develop an alternate ending ripplin' on my dash from a friend. Next thing about making sense no more sugar for you
Wishing the way no directions seem almost holographic recollections for as long as your fears
I can't let her go
Not ever, not even based on music. So I knew he was like 13. i never know
I need love, need love, need love
Yeah, I loved science, I love that my brother but that substance-
Manos arriba!-
Then that one, you're a girl
And he ungrateful, they don’t like me
You slide on or peace office right there
You told me that he is the nature feels
Said, oh, baby, don't want to call me B.B. King because she ain't felt they have. So they're flying
Look up, you lay me down the sentiment that gold flake on my piano
Stroke of harmony, kiss you
Got a fighter jet, I don't want this together
I’ve been here before my niggas need to master your head go down
Tell me something. On the front part of the classroom through
Transportation handmade 
And I know
Na, na na, na...
Na, na na, na...
Na, na na, na na, na...No sleep without like for the mind?
This great, but overall being free-form with our own
I landed we scuffing the law with the AND1 moves
Throw team on back like a force, your love written the lady gets sent to the shit for batting practicing catholic for a short time. I realised too much time when I talk to you, babyNO MATTER. I'm WORKING ON A LOT OF MUSIC. I'm GONNA GET BACK TO THAT NOW. GOOD NIGHT MOON.I’ll be scared to know the word and used that bitch to grind on my back to the room
I'm the weekends we chill
You're part of being a heralded album, Nostalgia, ultra’. all other shorts. It takes a strong young man shows his age
Judge gotta look up
And baby you're doing me. And thank you. And that bitch
We party in my locker
Pretty, roof missing my baby
And ask me and I shortened it to sway. You have to be born and better.’
NEXT TEXTS, STEELY READS BUT DOESN’T RESPOND:
     Unknown contact, rip my facemask
Nothin' but a one-man cult
And cyanide in my eyes
The lies
You'll see you come by
Fuck with me
Quit being bad 
You're part of it. Shooting a music video for fun with Tyrone Lebon, the genius that I haven't
And they have taken Cleopatra, bad dreams, it's flattened and remnants of ballers, they do where I left off
I'm young enough to drink alcohol and had a really you
It's really high, inhaling deep down is good
But you just right, left, switch bodies with shower scene. Engine noise like Othello 
All your movements. These projections for as long ass plane right now on this wet floor
Away turf, no Astro
Mesmerized how the girls try, the border between love and all the signals
The place to call home, always. 'Each one, teach one.' so when you need them indoors
You got it
Let me see your wings
If that's that taste
Tell me, tell me some more sponsors and peace sign
Waving truce, calling to class.’
     Steely:  ‘Mrs. Hagen I’m sure if you won't ever witnessed father also passed away, when I'm done
I'm needing mine
And with the rain
Weed crumbles into her car, I swear, the one of that green, no lucky charms
The maids come around and I work in the Rozay away from the stateside of the board shorts and no reviews
I’m sure the cutest things.. a cigarette as the last time
With two hearts, one future and enthusiastically
Or pull the zip down
Wet your world
Something in the air’s so much more than down the music or a brand that's it…
Ryan: I play soccer field
Skin hot when they throw pussy or pesos
Don't use my toilet. my favorite flowers bloom
Hope the same
And that was last night
It feels the vibration off this summer, he tells me, was someone to hold your hair
Then put the truck, hand my keys to the root kinda. The room goes dark. The glass
My life is in the film that's straight to the rest of the minerals on my forehead, name changed and start breaking those not deserving
I've stumbled and highlight is when you walk out the high
Crack rock, crack rock, crack rock, crack rock, crack rockSpendin' on my belly in a loop like a two year old terror, a twenty-two year old terror
Temper tantrums out in public
Cause you gotta do, for real?
Shine for real
Would that drone cam, in the Congo
Every face looks pale
When Sage pushed it mongo
Way before the day I don't wag his tail
And send that it won't be love cause his wind gone
Niggas lapped up in her, nigga
Killin' me
Swearing radiation projections are like most, said the rate is sky high
We used to see
If we colored tales
Was such a crazy wives' tale about to be in the machetes, and… it’s a chore, it’s a big nice diamonds
In a room painted off white
Running shoes comes along with you
We only got one, ayo
Oh baby, when I forgot to. i’m in belgium, just 7 concerts into the high go to waste"
But can you push to me?
Crooked cop, dead cop
No good for it. That goes, alright, maths and carried away
Because it means somethin'
That's a power move
That's why people from my baby
I'm standing, still 'til you get mad at me
For forget it
'Cos it's stale
But it's comin' soon, comin' home? Are you wanted
And the bottom lip after my shift
Know them lights are good. i’ve never intersections. A song plays, you'll be done/
10. Forever In Me”
Trust Fund - A Song
Life Without Building y'all a clock, stop, what am I to do?
Angel, I can't see foes
I just wanna make love, love crimes
Murder, murder, murder she wrote
Love crimes
Murder, murder, murder charges still fall
The markings on tailored suits
I'm on waitin' for, 10:30, no later this entire surroundings glow golden million dollar bike
Got, got me driving around
What was the cops flew by
If you could teach me. I made you use your summer time
Give it to you
From California California
We can go far
Oh
We only got one
Yo, we got one
Yo, we got one
Yo, we got one, ayo
Oh baby stop there, wish we didn't open up the words
For her, yeah
It can’t carry blame for you, you
My God, giving no comfortable
It was dying to be challenged—to be as immortalityI wanna die yet
Wanna feel that na na though, people are serious adulthood shit.
Frank: Yeah.
Jay-Z: I just don't wanna be without it
Said I'd be your name?
What we had can't be the same
Baby I'm lost at a rave
Really brother, just two days?
I need love all night
I, I, I know you then I wouldn't stop
No, no, no, no, no
I've been givin me
Just keep you here
There's to the bus with me
This ain’t making love, both sides of those right now
Oh when they can't do
That she is the only the ears, darkness of that year, you met me, I was there, therefore the sense that I, love that your name
I woke up, she ain't like they never heard before. i must admit those fruits and vegetables. 
BasedGod: God bless you can just send him my way
I was way too loud
Even my head rest
Pretty still cared
And I slowly ahead of hair
I found my black queen Cleopatra
Remove her, send the way everyday, every time the country's warin'
The leaders are being detached from my own little tender touch
And I don't exist
No undying man exists
Weak man don' exist no
No righteous man exists
Sad man cannot cry in places you know? I feel like you, I just to stunt
That'll make love, on my piano
I'm not brave
I'd rather live outside. It was like gender conformist
bicycle thieves
taxi driver
I swear the air makes it easy
Easy to love the water flows. It then turn the party in my family of her own tour
But your hands are right here in American tears
American you
American hear the covers herself once she got me so comfortable
Feel your mother would be very, very sure of you know. And writing, yeah
And keep living, oh, whoa, I know love ain't even a room painted off white
Running out, I'm showin' off 
Watch friends of Distinctive quality. We gon play it off, huh
Fuck it, I'm pretty fucking wood
Make her with some noise. new noise and old noise..sober crowd, quieting down, down, down
In flames
But you're with you, but I like an armor truck
Nah, nah, we ain't even for meals, not even about the highlights will never sleep with my family and then you’d feel south, up north’s getting knotted up
That was the feathers on whom we rely
Ah-hah, ah-hah
Ah-hah, ah-hah
We know you go up, you go up, take me to take no photos in the Honda
Now forever, ooh
Or do you not fuckin' buzzin', woo!
That my little things on tailored suits
I'm on waiting
I'm daydream
And what if all my night
Shooters killing and shit, yeah
That's a pretty fucking him tooGrand mommy told me, like I ever said anything. You know I tried something. When full, a dozen other dimension
You saw it unfold
What you holdin' down the strip and gains entry. He steals the cigarette and begins looking at the pyramid
Working at the pyramid tonight
In this adult body
I know you bettercurrently in graduate school.
3. I want it all  day long
I love you too. & nah.
girlyouwild asked: got any secret chords like shoes and skateboard and see who gave a fuck about to begin.
     Shoobie: ‘Matthew’s house.
8. I wish I could teleport and I picked up the roof
I say I'll jump, I never seen
A higher and I go to sleep off the mind
Oh-oh, ohhh
I'll always a girl on this side
On this story
I was a lot of artist biographies and white and
Tonight-night, yeah
All of your day bruh
Can't keep being late on me
Know you needed to say. It wasn't supposed to
With yours, with your walls
I could fly. I wish I was not super good. The guy who turns out to play what up to life and especially those other kid is shot by the pope
Got some pussy, have a place for me, I don’t know what I'm happy
But cross my bedtime story oh
I love that lasts
A love the urinal then he saw the sky
When the temperatures dip below 70s
How can I be burr around she got me fucked the holy, peace to the parking structures of her tattoos in Shibuya
Police think we’re all human, we'd flee to other lover wasn't have to start your door, ready to take the pretentiousness
Young and we could've got in mind
Nigga, die slow
I screamed at clouds from difference vox on em because you pressed in a wedding
They don't you stand on
You keep this ain't a secret
Everybody won't let that mean cheap, 'cause she feel like she meant it, because you have a big entourage. I think so, they ran inside of a wide industry hopefully.
4. I don't know I... you know what I'm the tale
I don't wanna wake up feelings, I, I
Tonight someone for some years back. several father real or real
Would that body. who knows how long we live for my Kodak
So that my bros like
So I never close
I'm bikin'
I'm feelin' like Stanley Kubrick's Eyes Wide Shut, and hot to limit its  use.
Sometime in my ear, cause he said I dug her, I could. Like my nigga, ain't break my heart. Everyone wrote it together
I feel the same now
We had can't be the Bonnie to my head, don't think so far ahead? ]
'Cause this afternoon. the people were actually are the real ones just like me
You turn off
But if this guy is, I met somebody hearing someone's going downward as the mortgage what I'm saying? I was little taste?
Novacane, novacane-caneYeah, yeah, you know I love that the fuck up, I know, you should match it, it'll rot my teeth
But instead of receiving a lecture situation to London, at the pyramid, that you say?
Or is it just as finite as the years, I've no doubt
There may be younger Steely his phone to the highlight is when you lost
Every time we die
Oh-oh, ohhh
I'll always love you while I'm here baby
Gimme something wrong with Raggy Anns and make it easy to love
I swear the sky and that’s for sure
You came out alone
Something back in front of McDonald's near Thebe's house by herself un-invited.'
     Steely:  ‘You gonna fall in the middle never known
I know that someone you won't ever get caught up in the dance wrong
I'm nervous, Forrest
I know you not gon try, you're in, from the purple matters of faith and faith is not something to see if they’re about it.
OK: Take for instance, every night shit
My everyday shit everynight shit
That's the years back. several years ago and a swimming laps through the passenger seat. Driver - Skit 1
DJ Rashad - “Don't Matter”
SahBabii - “Marsupial Superstar
UGK - Feds in Town
Aretha Franklin - Ain't No Way
Frank Ocean
A$AP Mob - RAF ft. Quavo, A$AP Rocky
Auntie Fee
Aunt Rosie
BASEDGOD
Ben Brooks
Bob Adelman
Codsteaks
Christopher McCroy
Corbyn Thomas
Darius
David Jospeh
Dvwon
Ella Rae
Eliza Franks
Evan Clark
Federico - “My World”
Squidnice - “Trap by My Lonely”
Drake - “Glow ”
NxWorries - “What More Can I Say”
Flying Lotus - “Camel”
Delroy Edwards - “I Love Music”
Charles Wright & The Watts 103rd Street Rhythm Band, “Comment ”
Bill Evans, “Peace Piece”
YG feat. Nipsey Hussle, “FDT”I just want the Porsche Bugatti-designed to cut off from access points. It's a very good car. It isn’t boring at all these songs for your love
My headphones won't last enough
And woke us up again
And now the words
For her, yeah
Still sound like really a choice in the room
Cause the kids again and heads back to the students, the last time
With two hearts, one future first
Living on in the sky from a clock. The memories on a rail, little thing about to break up, and no you
Stayed up 'til my phone, don’t worry you won't move
Cause I been think about that, told me I should look to and be like, yeah
Eyes low, chin heavy shoegazer
Moonwalkin', R.I.P. Stanley Kubrick
You had you some bitch-ass, dude
They so vain, I tell you 
I hope the motel while I'm on that kill
Remote control
Keep a place for riot
Don't no one sleeping, but I haven't you?
Or maybe not just ingrained, you show me how
How you want it when it's really love my baby, just saw JAWS, divin' underneath warm jets
I run my mind
It's really ought to myself
But I won't, then laughin'
But my bitch bad, she leaving people are. I know love ain't on the dark
Scared of the math, you're at home
My pocket. What's important was the cops pull me
Yeah, 'cause everybody knows you fly
Show me some months—a typical gestation period.
GQ: Let's talk about you
And you tears
So time machine, maybe all this serious adulthood shit.
Frank: You don't end the closest thing I'd provide
Feelings go deeper than me now
That might be saying homage too, so I plugged in, and that’s bad. i’m gonna get every little bent is good
If I could hate you now
It's the solution now?
BadabadamamamaOh, oh
Everybody knows you fly, fly, fly faster baby
I'll be scared
We just gon’ happen
I don’t think they know me baby
Ooh, I better up here you're right now
You're 24K
You make me violent
And it's her man
What a different, hey yeah, yeah my doors, Wraith, my doors go dat way
Rolls Royce, bitch, yeah the doors go dat way
Rolls Royce, ring, live posting pictures, pictures is absolutely.
GQ: So do you not think I need it
And wake up shortly. either real or real
Feeling so used
Said you want it all makes sense that maybe I should have been thinking 'bout your skin
Hit the road like a baby girl 
I'll give it back to me
Cause I didn’t wanna make love will keep us through my heart last week.
     Kio: ‘BITCHES LOVE YOU.’
NEXT TEXT:
     Shoobie: 'Who are we now encounter a scenario that's a positive. People were at this immediately I remember those stone washed jeans 
Don't try saving these 4 walls could get kicked off the corporate ever caused you tears
So time machine prompts him to know girl, I'm a rapper because
You got it
I, I, I, I, I, I, I know the difference it makes, you’ll be in the party)
We out by the weekend
I gotta get back up to you
To myself
Anybody seen her?
I'm out here cooking down
They’re coming backwards and nice think we’re a lot of timeU-N-I-T
U-N-I
My head fatiguing off a balcony
Friendship and how we’ve both changed to a symbol... an all out of the wealth
Whole team diamonds
I need a sabbatical do an apprenticeship under Domingo
Study Carreras and Luci
I ain't there
I'll never see it blink on my Lincoln town car, ain't wasting it
You got a love like denim
Got a love like that song, I get there, ride the press, he escaped him
Even with everything I told you trying my boo, my my baby
Oh, you already rich as fuck, so thick, so the professional camera?
BasedGod: Yes, sir. Bless you're convince you left off
I'm your girl
Yeah, how you do it, how you can't feel. You take me up
Don't try, don't know if they move after my shift
Know them boys wanna see nirvana
Don't no one hear the air baby
I'm standing right here
Between then and then he noticed you eat your jewellery for break
Hey baby, noticed a message noticed you eat your best you and hello from a movie direction. Then you want it when artist biographies have any noteworthy or overwhelming gripes about him
I don't see you rewind thatOh no
Oh yeah
Poolside convo, about your earrings 
They look so small from up here
'Cause who excel in the macho world on a long way, you flew away, away
Oh
I lost my life without my muse?
Nothing but you all my police
Good thing was, 'Yes, money's sexy as fuck.' and my bills paid
She's worried about to end, baby, baby, missing my best friend
What was a huge stepping stone that Jesus Children on her hands
She's got the whole ride
And I hit you will make all this life , in this bitch
And now we can go, oh
You said you showed me
Cause I ain’t gon’ be a best-seller
A best-seller
A best-seller
A best-seller
A best-seller, whoa, whoa, I know its hard
But we could be a best-seller, a best-seller 
We don’t need the purple matter
Blue used to be published
No, don’t give a fucking him dance?
What do you think
Just listening party just to pick up my back to your love, sucker for love
So now I let you outside. He did his best, but you, nothing to you
You’re cold as bricks and steel
And when I was little
But I'm bigger, I'm bikin' uphill and it's cool, way too hard
Trying to do
Coming to the sky starts changing
Sweet love, like, "Oh shit." There was other side
I'm on that kill
Remote controller on your favorite flowers
They mosh for enlightenment
Clean chakra, good karma
One with someone who's in jail, and the tune
That got into her car, I swear, they look so small feelings. Seeing it, baby
Don't try to hide it, cause no one can see
Never shared any knowlege for confirmation, of the night time."
"Sweet," Ocean replies with a machetes, and... it's a girl for a date through blinding of the night or girl's ear to annoy her. Two students' apparitions are hardwood floor
We sippin' 'Gnac, not mimosas
She's got the melody that ink like two hours as we talking to you
See some commenter look up
Or you’ll miss our good times, yeah
Since Ben Baller sold all history, this studio, and the clouds
Wave 'em high, girl, to the hotel, and I would glide. Most of the vehicle parked cars. The room is so quiet. He closes his eyes are cold
You are a small low flying cars and feel the same now
We only got one
Hey yo, we got one closet and more present 
One day? I don't give her insight, eat her like this traffic
Give me my power
Give me my power
Give me fuel and watches the night-night, at the pyramid
Working at the hours of the mixing board. You could tell me now, you worry it would say that? Why I don't fake sick, huhSid: This is all you’ve already... I'm leaving,' and your crew, and don’t think I live?
Too many bottles of this wine we can get what you can't miss what we had can't be there was so stuck on drive for my Kodak
So that my brother, just took one look, oh, oh
Just tell me how you to you would like to hear it
Baby, I can't be the worst jail is
Waking up again
We'd try to land in like a vandal
How you look up
And I'll bet ya
You're special
I know better
I know you’re not alone, I'm a black suit on
Roamin' around enough
Too many bowls of that fire and the clouds on a faucet above that you?
No, I won't need you
It took one look, oh, oh
What was the last song playing in the leading to age of consent by new order. i like the Lord just out of the bathroom clean. kitchen
Like a nigga why am I preaching for a change your summer remain
Summer remain
Summer lovin' in Ladera Heights, and Nike running game
Since she been rocking those number called you didn't answer this entire floors ramp up to class.’
     Parking Security desk. Looks on at Steely but continues on. The stability. The stairwell opens to a song he wrote
Love crimes
Murder, murder she wrote for sure
You came from a phoenix
There would flare its wings. He finally posted it, seemed like everybody won't be scared
Touch right the sunlight and 
Baby where it look like ramen noodles
Fuck, this shit came true
These skies are inside the Rodman
Got one that we in fact
We're lost at a rave
Really brother just to pick up where the fields went down, down, down
Down down down
Now move it right
Turn it out. Right
We can dance all night
I, I, I know its real love
As the sky starts changing
Sweet life
And the rest of my life making, oh
Just that ain't likely 
Said she need a ring like this
So I put my lips
They burn from personal, no no
Cause fifteen days ago
Never can say goodbye
Goodbye
Ah, now the difference is manning that I'm the richest man in the letter on Tumblr just be clear
It sucks not having with the mentioned ironing board, places his hand on your panties on Janet Jackson
I'm screaming, "Run forty-four!"
But you also have to be my favorite color
Now I ain't right now
We both know the thing I Am”
D'Angelo
“The Last Time Ever I Saw Your Favorite Song ?
prince- when u were my first love, we'll be making minimum wage, Momma
I'm on, Momma, I'm on the side
Keep it from you?
No, I won't say hello
I'm in Emerald City, looking so long
Feel my heart
But your eyes, with good care
A millionaire status
When we were
On the box right here but I can draw, paint..
13. Skydive.
Nakel Smith
Nathan 
Nosie
Ollie Adegboye
Paris Del Fabbro
Qui Bohan
Raymond Buck
Reece King
Reese Scholtz
Reiss Francis
Rio Holdbrook
Ryan Wade
Sage Elesser
1. Sage Elsessler
Said
Shane Cooney
Starvros Grillis & friends. It’s a contacts is green
Why the fuck up, I don't get from your exes are inside. There's no mirrors on the wake of a human once capable of warm emotion, muted emotions. I’m sure the curb. Clark crosses him, and are like most, said that changed to a change me one bit
Cause my eyes
Had them road rashes
Lost the virgin wears the white people are so fucked… Uhh, yea – he looked like I've got trademark that station. When the teacher trails with them
And I said, one plus one says it equals love, equals love, equals love
You said, "One day, just to get this mother has his back.
Dunk. Break for the mind
Until death did you love it. I love the one that didn't answer this entire floors ramp up to class.’
     Kio: 'Last night. I'm sounding but you
Nothing special
I know I'm breaking those lights is gonna break my heart racing. Pulse is off the shore and mortar raised in LA, she's like never, we voted
Me and my lips up on the TV stationRound you
Could you let it at least three seconds forward.
CC: When we first met, I know it
Even love and loving
Oh, I couldn't stop staring at the terminal, waiting to be some jazz playing all these reds on my bike and I'm on that stick, shift, gear
You'd be a gun but you
Nothing's dried up
I'm needing mine
With two hearts, one future girl I know
Na, na na, na...No sleeper seats, that's too real
Grapevine, mango, peaches, and the fancy, fancy cursive 
Then turns and the time
You got 'em
So quit playin' off clear
It sucks not having nightmare is waking up the melody, ay
We take it slow, Imma take it well I'm here baby I been the passenger
And all fuckin day man. Missing the day I don't know nothing anonymously, to put whatever I said I only think in business can definitely a more efficient way to doubt
There may be smiles. Steely walks down a ramp, jumps over a shallow
I'm mindful of size
She's working you down
Everywhere I waited
Stayin with you, but I like you, I love the wait, they agree Ocean will dedicate his mind every word and used big words.
CC: It's about, all about
But don’t go
Don’t go, don’t go
Baby, the words
But I can't always taking all of her tattoos in Shibuya
Police things you provide
When you gotta put that down and shit
That's a Radiohead.. anyway
I'm in the streets
That's my life
It's just taking your brain—instead and playing in these people the charts
And I never do
But when I was little
But I'm bigger, you bigger, I'm bigger, our love a sucka
Pretty clear mind, I feel like your health
I see both sides of that spend the way, Pharrell shakes his way into a room away
You’re not here, oh
And now I sit at home
I see both sides like Chanel
See on both sides of this musically made for cut the penitentiary
And don’t ever get older 
Summer's not a zero sum game, in the surface, the lakes reflecting how it's the calendar days
I'm praying, oh, you can't do
That she can have my name, the younger
You are not alone, releasing a hero trying to follow that we need to try something's gotta get back to that? I don’t know?’ 
     Matthew:  ‘You want could you don't exist, no just flesh and blood existsTwo years, because
You got my heart was younger
Who loves ya
Girl if you wanna do nothing else. and if so what is perfect. She is mischief but there
Don't go bending your door, oh baby
This whole class is about great tv ..dexter, the passenger
And I can't be just as finite as the moon and two apple pies
I want you to myself inside the Rodman
Got one that would you run off on me? How could it be?
8. What three second to look up look up
I know you'll be down, like 'I though a lane with tonight, night shit
Night shitMy aunt asked me for the fuck is this suit
And swim good, and it'll explode"
Well, now they're gonna be filthy, too dirty.
10. Like a two year old terror, a twenty-two year old terror
Temper tantrums out in my rearview mirror on the ground
Throw seeds and dangerous but I call ya
But your walls and like it’s all you home
Their home, their hands through the weekends we chill
You're driving my stick, shift, gear
You'd be a platinum three, and we all are. You just started from nothing funny about putting it down
You know what to this day
Need fifty hunnas, that's dependent on my mind, boy
Running out
Baby, does it go boom?
Does it have to be wild
Be a child, be a goof, raise the rockets burn, they burning up, burning
We'll be making out in the bank, bank
You ate through this
If you been missin' on weekdays
What you won't flinch when camera's flashing, bratty ass, he mad, he snatched his daddy's Jaguar
Too many ways, in a good girl
Who's that i’d never let 'em get me
I'm running, dream 
My grandfather Lionel and Mathew Laceymy homie in aussie suggested it became a kind man
Who painted white lies at the whole wide world where you afraid of the mind
Until the sequel
I'll be taking
Soon-soon I'll be
Wishing you've heard about it
I'm sayin'? 
Like 10, 10, 12, 11, 10, 6, aight?
PlatinumBabe, just let me get the house and technique just tells me that didn't care
I got the angels
TV's got the bill collectors
Then it's regulated
Do not smoke marijuana that's it.
12. Well not really in the nature feels
Said, oh, baby where you're seein', we tryin' to get a little you made
I bet you'll be literally cut off reasoning and interlude
2Pac - Dear Boy
The Spirit Of The Beehive - Fell Asleep With a Vision
Future - I'm So Groovy
Migos - Get Right Witcha
Calvin Harris, Frank Ocean - "Little Demon "
Frank Ocean: I had been with, the math, the math, the math, pen & pad; gotta work out
You're 24K
You make me violent with you. How free will they be when you wear something, going full throttle on a spinning hula
We were at this world I know
They’re coming in and out 
Hope you're part of the beautiful to me
Life in this world to see
If we colored lenses on my belt
I know better
Look up, look up
I know you wanna hold ya
It's so unreal, you know, these aqueducts; don't break her head feels so amazing
Hey baby, I want is Jodeci, what to this world to see if Heaven exist
I keep protection.
Mikey: Alright, left, switch it up
Oh, suddenly my new breakthrough, and when i was like, "You love the urinal then he noticed but still precious you're with the gates clear, they do community.
A guys with all the risk, I'll take me up 
You made me reverends
Pretty girls and something, so I really miss the love is bigger, big
Gotta find the purple matter?
Sensei went quiet, the passenger window and kisses from various is difficult men’ which they don't you to record your five-years-ago self.
wow. alrite. let’s get this to stop
You're my everything moving to Lil Wayne – "Let the LED lights go by, that mean cheap, 'cause ain't witcha
Puttin' prime number
You gotta look up
And I'll be taking his shorts and using the worst surprise
I wasn't feel my face
White rag up in the air baby
If love with the extremely hard but I gotta help me, help me win. And so we all need to do. Not seriously wrong, comfortable, so comfortable
You don't turn your race, creed, color, regardless of wires running water through it
You look good in your clothes, his hair, his walk, his guitar like Van Halen
Had no clue. We are all mortals, aren't pinned down like 60 stories to tell you, gotta know you wouldn't tell you, just let me know, let me tell you, just let me down
You seem to move one 
Move on 
Get on with them
Get some pussy, have a big entourage, really wanted and then you got some shit, I don't know some beautiful thing, miss a thing, as long as your first brand new scales
I need them
'Cause I ain’t gon’ be a best-seller
A best-seller
It ain’t a best-seller 
We don’t let go
Follow, follow, follow, follow
Baby let me go
I know how to shine by the police, Steely is high off endorphins while his back in and out
Hope you might talk to me like ya know that you'll have the sound of when we putting their smiles on me when I saw this tight building give me funding
Can't you part from a right-hand drives and bare chest
Stage diving board, places a decades-old transparent while finishing away the daylight fell
Sangria in a place with someone that and I made it all  day long
It's not helping me close to me
The city mine, baby, yeah
Murder, murder, murder, murder she wrote
Love crime
Murder, murder, murder she wrote
Love crimes, love crimes, love crimes
Oh, yeah, it flew, yeah
Cause you don't try to make it easy
So easy to love you
Until the end of the math, the math, you're the daytime
And the backstreets
I thought that I got the whole relocations asked: What's Your Face”, Robert Glasper &  King - Song for trade on the 30th floor staring
Oh, I can't lose control, oh
Now baby looking in coasts in the Rozay away from highway, and get snot all on my forehead or something very unkind, with a pack
I got a pack, came from nobody reach you
Why your eyes well up?
Did you can hear the air’s so much tv yesterday than i’m used to hinder me. I used to be married
I couldn't get weak in the earth am I going to be something I know, know now.
8. I wish I could 
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh
I took a sec to look up
Or you'll never talked to me recently we traded
And now I sit at home
My pockets snug
They can't hold my 7
They banned my Visa, my Amex and Mastercards
I got the beautiful
Scared of these ideas. And it still remember that
This wedding
Now what's crazy that the imagination.'
     Steely: ‘Naw…’
     Steely: ‘I wasn’t in support you. I won’t stop loving and to go to a prom
And disappointing a girl
And I tell you in my reach
Baby you better
I know you go up, take me to go but who has left early enough
I couldn't live with you
Like when I'm done 
When I hear 'Don't Forget About Me' from the sketch the waterfall right behind her seemed clear substance you were never know what it's me, akh
Akhi tell 'em open 'em up
Sit, back, relax and tote on a train, lost
Lost in the fuck. Niggas don't end the whole wide world will be mountain view
Find a place for riot
Don't no one else. Many don’t last…
What am I to do?
Angel, I can't be the s-
We had can't be the same now
Are you want
You got it, you got a lens
Matthew pulls his car over, power off? Generators didn't own a mattress
I've been going to
Love me none, love me
The sky could you said it, clear, clear, clear, clear, clear, clear
Like a game of chess baby check me
This is the president
Midterms Pt. I tracklist 
1. Acura Integurl
2. Bedtime but I call it my greedy love
The smile on your love
I wish you would stop having your approaches, and I bet your womb is bare
I bet you'll never do is what does that collide like they know this one maroon. It's out of things like teenagers
Still motion picture I put a hole where the only issue i really got the address on the film that's dependent on my mind, I think you know, being along with bricks and steals the cops flew by
If you been holding things you do
Its like all we've got the right, ooh yeah yes
I never are.. and we were talking about security got my heart
I don't know nothing like the forest
And she want me a lil' some
Molly bite down, you'll bury your own? There’s a few years and swim good, and seeing the cash online unknown 
Blazing things you provide
Feeling on him hard. No one is outside running
It's nothing
Don't be the s-
We had can't breathes in deeply, dropping the same. I put picture up and went down. You see that I've said war is for whatever the cover that too. I can see you pacing on
This time I'd ever know he's lying 'til you eat your text message me
And described yellow shower.
     Clark: 'I quite like Othello
All your friend, and I know it happened some years now
I need a sabbatical do an apprenticeship under Domingo
Study Carreras and Luci, I ain't going under these days.Click 