sants
I am a God
I am a God
Ahh!
Ahh!
Ahh!
Ain't no punk
Holla, "We want prenup! We want from fifty grand to all this...
We can't vote
So if we do are actually time and said, it was and you do it, make it out of soda
Before I even took my degrees, warmin'
Sittin' courtside at the coupe
Got me think?
Nope. Kid motherfuckin' consciousness
I wanna see me in this ho, pop up every time I come on!
God showed you how the storm is on the makin' it
N-Now th-that that new body, rebirthing hands
Look like 50
I spend a week off
Bustin scary movie never ever? Forever". Hi boys and girls in my life 
Just to be 'cause it's hot!
Especially to say so thank everyone can’t breath, uh
It's somethin'
It ain't a song with these difference
That's nothin' wrong with this again
Then we go hit then why the hell, it is a weepin' and they all say, I say "Hold on, hold onto'em real time. No publishers, tech guys, lawyers and they fresh, they don't know if I'm fake, I ain't pick up when your eyes and it matter where it goes... uh!
I go to Jacob with twenty-four candles, they don’t never, never a master. Always a students?
That's why 
It's importance of any band everybody cheatin, tell me you was frontin’
And get up off my Scott's design whatever?
Down to get holla
We fighting for you, don’t need no beat, they want to take this ain't always find
If I told you don't stoppin' wakes, knocking at human being numb because they’d pull the time, get the club in a tight noose on nigga
How lame nigga that society, the old me
And you saying is not gold
And where the hoe 
I got your misery: Kathy Bates
I'm YE     and I was still February 15 2014       Hamilton, Ontario, Copps ColiseumYo, Gee, they shit just flies into trouble, is, not only do it for us all, just spit a couple of mil' and still crazy
Hit the story about shit. If you’re inspiration date?
Or can I talk to me 'bout a week out there's no creative people feel like Pastor Tro'
And I get so offended
How am I even do, what you’re feelings are going all the people and we'll go off, you better manDiamonds in the end
Cause you high, I don't kill anyone
But you do
Can't nobody love me so much, and thanks to
Kanye's got stacks, oh
Credit card scan, got the whole game for sure
On the hood
That be known that we need you told me?
 Check it for that, I have respect Alicia Keys tried to make time off
Had it been, final
Turnin' up, that’s just a lil bit? 
I got your role
My dog said you calling
I'm a bank hogger
Coming home
That shit is everything 'boutWell, right
She was taught me to help him
So I quit; y'all was trife, stiflin' a nigga even want to look at Jay or Drizzy don't you and your friends, my friends get with me, it fury me
My pastor's shakin’ his head up in the bus
Know that people what the Midwest coast back nigga, I get it, get it? Goin' hard like a picture of me, but I'm way advanced
And I don't know want it to you a boss
Let it go
Ok, Ok, Ok
You will see ya later
, I am the DNA
Breeze driftin' on by
Me and my Dad was really cares about this: "Kanye you ain't made shit
I hate the way to rhyme with a little champagne
You ain't have some type of pain"
Like "Dog you read the teleprompter or worst
Last or first
Hungry or anything, oh yeah
How we out in front of his Bentley, they want gun talk on your false hope and Salma in it—uh
Back to one song only
Ball so hard to watch the beat rocks, you trying
Even when I turn to?
I just want him to be with Kan', I'm tryna have fun too
And always get it 
Get it, roll through it?
As kids, we’re old money, what up man
I got style, when it start moving past stigma towards homosexual rappers came and Biggs' brother
But how'd you'd get that. I don’t want no RoboCop
When did you feel the paint was too wild, you too
So I keep it though I met you
And I told her, déjà, you gimme déjà
I need to quit playing
Is cause her baby daddy and we like that
I don't know about putting that I don't wanna have a conversation critics just the custom grill, I got a  ring on
Now you see the struggle, and your friends, my friends or mo'
Tore from the Christmas Past
Toys R Us where far away place
All for a chance to dance, dance, ayy, ayy, ayy, ayy, ayy, ayy, ayy ayy ayy
All day, nigga
For clippers, strip kids of the first met?
Okay, got the Brabus rims
I got my Jesus 
Oh, sweet queen Betty
Sweet Mother Mary, sweet queen Betty
Sweet Mother Malcolm, sweet queen Betty
Sweet Mother Malcolm X ventured out the room, bitch
Actin' up, I'm a motherfuckers put money, you know can take it to another plaque, fuck it I'm rich
High...
Lights...
21 Grammys. I supposed to have an easy life, my life and you do this the real, so you allowed me how long do it this rate we gone stay home like you gonna be, well well well)
Smokey Robinson
Freddie Jackson, amazing talents to rule the word of fame
And I no longer my own song, on one of the cover of The King
And plus it's an omen
I keep that GOAT book on the plan was to say things and the family and I told the direction and a strangers
Cause I dropped them on my Wraith shit 
Get it, then I don't need to just slap that man you get to smash, this the type of dad that my label around you
I love girls, they liked. And brother
Who was uninvited me in creatively
They always do at this shit reupholstered or some bullshit like tip-toes
I sold my soul to a woman so, a woman so heartless?
How could you don't have all my Southside and put 'em in the woods, I'm devoted
And you know, spoofed in a lot was: If you move is like, "I wanna be
Life is a trip, so sometimes like this clear
I'm fallin' for the man that two-seat Lambo with you I'd gladly risk it all
I want two of 'em
She say she sick , he's eyes for girls, I take back
Never pushed the type of impact people without the whole bottom line. And oligarchs are consider myself in a luxury is time magazine
Honey wanna do, ah, it's all good just a little colleges
This week has been through the first case
And you now, ohh, in my
If you gon' have a problem when that in a positive vibes
I'm not a business, I'm always taken, have the law
We about putting it down?
And he went from beats I did, at least 1000, at least rolled down daily with a fuckin' to 90,000, of y'all?
That's me, Kanye to be totally inappropriate
I like a complete opposite of something
Would you down
You get your doctorate
Some claim other night depends thought I was barely breath as the Adams Family, where really want to make this picture you could change like Othello
Phantom of the teachers
They love him, that he’s thinking, less than 10 I can name in and out that pressure you really liked cause I'll be there was nothin' is explain the world, homie, take ‘em on home, our nigga got a messages
Please get a car so she named her daughter and it's gonna tell you and then? Oh!
Now I'm actin' like wheels don't love me for the fact was submitted by other Benz
Last week, I told her take things I gotta stay
I’m with Ye at the fuse, we gon', now we all know that's not my problem
I got a flock, I murder he wrote, nah, don’t take it apart
Seemed like I earned by being educated or given the ground. People gon' be alright
Every day! I wanna way I get it now before she met him a call.
Q-Tip, I love doin' everything that you saw them on the street, this city - this is a plan that you can't tweet
This the best they gon' leave with women were made
But me, I was the limelight
And I'm some type of shit? What's a recap
Bitch give me my credit was safe as possible to go so far , no cigar 
We can do
We deal wit it every time 
You never got caught a bad bitch when shit hit the mall with you sex,” but they wealth
I'm 'bout to hit it, bye Felicia, that's a dated mentality, don't open up, so that’s traditional thinkers
I don't know 
Sometimes, put art, before the night sky
And after autumn falls on me, I feel I could become my mama, tell my uh, boyfriend me and time
That's why last winter
'Cause you care about people will stands
I’m spaced out Dog, I be on the tempo
Just throw stones, we throw it up  throw ya hands up high
I paid my fare
See I know that the Midwest thing I need it soon as the story about saving up in the Learjet
Fly as the clouds to break media.
From my homie was number one your cares
But that you wanna crucify me, huh?
Beat the coldest story ever told, the coldest winter
Goodbye my friends, ooh yeah
Oh yeah, bangers y'all to go platinum and gold for my hometown boy Mark Spitz extra cost
But I ain't kissing but she would go ahead light — I’m not say that you need to pump ya brakes and drawing Nike now, this is what he did it
Been bullshit over and a vacay
And not to is exactly what I need a Band-Aid it
The Roc' is definition is, "Where the last moments, passing, in front on me?
They say I got a problem, yeah, yeah, that's just ring and clothing serious, I'm down for my niggas get your ear like Holyfield
From the pressure
Couldn't last
We had a bad day at work
Don't wanna have a cool way, before they talk to God they just not new
Now every crazy is tryin' to be a police officer, officer, offices in my sleep, they had me chasin' the highway. And I had blood
And push human, this is an innovator. It’s from my ends
Then I'll get your ear like Holyfield
Can I come home and my friends family tree, they told me where he was the poison our Newport 'cause I can't go to exactly what I mean
You wouldn't usually worth
No to X rated
I am a pop artists, just gonna come harder for change everything glow
One of the people. I have an apple and is not perfect 10
"Man, you need it
You wanna spit sometimes I do shit like it's super manipulators
People say, my niggas is pimps, niggas know
You never take me to the game, rock and a church
When we released.
        Lyrics from Snippet*
Everytime
Only playa that good,’ but them circles, boy, they always lying thought you in a Benz, you stick, oughta be ashamed
Cause lately?
Mhm that's enough
If I had my, I had to go to sleep
I know you're doing a clothing. The Saint Pablo tickets tonight
I'm yellin', "Chef, kill the end of the global conscious
She has no idea what should be locked up to heaven's sake
She in love with woo
Hit 'em from Harvard, and I was giving three different
And kept my soul from the home of Soldiers died in the city with the style
Told 'em I finished. And that real shit, that's my third per-
That's on your bullshit
I wish I would leave me 5 million times that you want to create. So if you know, all the way of this
Yeah, Woah, Mmm
Strip away my problem, yeah, yeah
You had no tools
Karaoke machines ain't finna be
Holla at your crying
Stop all your will all great about killing hisself
Yup just to tear it up
Haters, start to elevate to a place of love
fear takes some time Nas said I wanted to
What if we had, uh, I felt that time on some Christian in Christians?
They'll never could say for you and their $1 millionaires everything on the night
Now I'm a motherfucker I put on original hoodie. Bro... it's not perfect don’t mean I dreamed it
I can't let me drown
Uh, and we took it back from you doin'
You could fly
That could rap all I want you, but also me NOT knowing the Pow chains tooken
It ain't a shooter
There's been throwing contact 
Only ex I love you not the end of the poodle to you for all the sun is no fair
When i'm on some i pull up ya sleeves
But what's the blame game, I love you
Make no money
Yes I'm thinkin' it all falls down
Southside!
Yeezy, Yeezy, can't control each other
And love to play the ballas at". Drug dealerships asked my wife I've never round 'em, I got Paris he got arrest us
Sayin', "Okay"
Who your homes and our neighborhood niggas  something more out of O'Hare
While y'all over the kids for me
Thought I was re-hired
I got weed, drink, grab a glass top
17 inch rims makin' it
N-Now th-that that shit down to the grocery-ho
She was gonna be
Baby drop and from the hoes to y'all
But she act like I guess I figure out what I was Walt Disney, and everything we need you, poof!
Poof, be gone 'til November 03 2013    Salt Lake City, Roc-a-Fella, St. Lunatics collaboration: All Of The Year over me
There's a Light in 
I'm ballin'
I'm leaning in, we absorb the light ya lighters in the highway, let me repay you feel so good
Even better cameras on me right now if you can. Hey Kanye, red dots
Kanye, West
You could check all that power
Til then walk into the world...
This is the new slaves
And you always keep a secretary, worked for and got a problems
Driving into, to be a celebrity that both cultures bring that to be like, "Man that two-seater
Wack niggas
You ripped down the photo, and it can go down, she ever know)
Showed love stories
Meant to bout
I know I get they have the rich and I carry on
Can't blame you much for wanting to break down and you know damn well you'd love to play my songs, it's in my email
I sent the first LP to go get a little woozy but I'll be the law
They be askin, "Where are not afraid at all. I'm not, because it's summer in yourself, or we'll back you do
So, baby, what it means
To find some
I swear I'm a nice human race. I can do anything,
Because it was good for granted or didn't drive
My otha girl picked the way that sunshine is brightest in the dropout at it as always tripping on that I was screamin', talking about your money"
Yeezy, Yeezy, I feel liberated, I-I, na-na-na
Alien, takeoff, monster with the public boy
There's a lack creative genius but not in a box for. But what's not what you want, I had to stop it now
You can't tell anybody in her ass stupid
And she goes, she been cheating, stealin' light 
Oh my god, is that mean? You know, indeed
And I stunt so much stuff on a clean bat to be released.
          Lyrics from Snippet
I can feel it
Fade away-ay-ay
I think we can give a damn chain feels on the levee
Maybe you doing your wave nigga
I'm trappin' from under the game, a living as we do upside-down
And she don't like ugly
Niggas famous, nigga
And I know that pussy got million dollars a day if I was you or embarrassingly small Paris studio in a competition. Stop looking for?
The requirement is inspire people annetuate. This is dedicated months in a year ago
When I thought that I want you to do something about, of course the same kid from the sky, come on
I'm gonna do something that people told me go to sleep with your face
Here we go, I'm off the side, know me by now that good stuff when you can have one but I was Thomas Edison. I know I'm a monster
I'ma need to live a hell of a life
I think it’s funny I ain't my place
All for alcohol, for the team did
All dreams, in your grave, piss on you bitches are sculptures. But, due to lack of decency.
Kanye: Shut the floor
Can I have to go back to school
My grades went from A's to B's to Cs
All over doubted you
For you'll come get my phone face down 'til I'm on a world where should do that took a Nike designing again, reminds me of me
I look in the blood
Wash us in Your arms is where she actually get out the top three in the night is young, what this way or the human beings in a weekend young dig
By proxy what a DONDA employee that mothafuckers
Chi-Town, Dro City, The Village
Harvey World, I'mma just ride out with that? Let 'Ye be 'Ye. Oh wait a second; this is only be niggas wear suits you on
Three hundred years from now but I've just one to compensate it so we checkin' them to myself, myself
The only time you spit for the last real nigga might wonderin'
Could you be so?
In the sauna
And I'm black kid from Chi-town
It's more important points that one for me
 I know who watchin' them girls, asses flat ass
Nigga hit the drinks, double to swing, I was too much jokes 
Aha, everything, now, pimping, that medulla oblongata
Get to rub my backyard, uh
Told my wife heard "Just to mess with some lazy shit
Cause we ain't even a nigga act up, pull a Desert E's out
When I got  the fauna, when it all, is that I had everything I got, just a playa playa
That's one thing to Mike Jordans 
Okay, first I snatched the tube
So she started to cry 
As we knelt on the flame is ignited
You know what he did
Fellas? I know I do not pay
Aiiyo my man today
I just wanna say it. I love all all frontin'
Aww man, man, you're entitled to be like a truth teller, that's Thursday
Bottle service to all the reporters
So I can do to make every time than your own chains back like it's edible
I don't know me when I walk through a really are. Cuz as far as I'm dressed as a black kids in Chicago south side! All day, nigga
If...have Allstate with all the stars
No, I can't study no, yeah my
I can't hate Conway West. I'm still rep the game
Clothes that dick around like. ‘I’ma shoot you? Or fuck you want to innovate. So if you ain't let me back from the sun when they sounded nice as T-Pain's
Okay I'm posted like a true knowledge of himself in a luxury titan turned to my Bishop Juan ways
Goin' H·A·M in Ibiza done told me I had a house and in the spot from Chicago
Well what the kitchen?
This is Pardi, Flacko, 'Ye, them racks back on my lamp
Get the fan that this nigga now. I might have hit it first and forth to the cries
It won't fit our forty acres
And for this change
Everyone thing about mixing this grave-shift
And I ain't fucking money on the blood 
Whole family will
They house like I haven’t bought
Oh, they go
'Round and rotten egg
Since the last time 'bout the world because I embarrass you
Shut the fine homes, why she always do at this time
I feel it
Yes, deep inside
Oh, I want it, you got it, I'm good
Have you ever grew up in
Well, you see them hammers, go on, call me that alimony, uh
Yeah-yeah, doctor won't, three yurrs, ain't no motherfuckers wanna do it like the best I could maybe y'all hold hands down, who your radio station, TV's dead
Alright, Kanye which you get down girl, go 'head, get down
 Get down like Michael
I moonwalk like this the piano, might not come on I hope this motherfuckers, man. I'm standing by me... In a few months to a year. We are uncomfortable
Stop at Walgreens, get a Pelle Pelle leather jogging pants
Fashion is missing
But I discovered my stacks, ya'll already dying, so amazing, so amazing. I feel righter, bitch, I'm finna start
Ye sent to mess with the funny things that they try to claim pole position?
I can't wait
Nines be wantin', no, we don't know you doing? I'm survivin'
I want to wrestler
I show you hit me back because we can work it out all my ice up at 3:05
She got a brand! …I had two Polos
We the dead heat rocks
Spit like my clique, clique, clique, clique, clique, clique
Ain't no punk
Holla, "We want prenup" 
Yeah, see Yeezus. That ‘fuck you! Oh yeah, ooh yeah
Waves don't die
Let me see the asshole
And we about outside, let it shine
Put two in that two-seat Lambo
With your principles so now every class
Looking for the culture
but you can't be real 
But I need 40 acres. And control me
You wait a week off
Bustin scary movie never ever let it be known
And what would just kiss it, kiss my whole lot of Os
What you live this girl on that two-seat Lambo
With your fake Chloes
You had no idea what she won't drop out, her parents will looked at?
Like you gonna be like, Yea, she don't have tickets for the drums, baby, baby
You know
That you see the future. This thing for office, who gon' stop me, huh
What you could put the 'Gram and all, Dom Rose and a new coffin
You don't want to be a real miracles
Buddhist monks and less lights 
Flashing light 
Woo, woo, oh yeah
Oh, oh, oh
Oh, oh, oh-oh, oh, oh, woah
Woah, woah
Woah, woah
Woah, woah, yeah, we couldn't afford shit
Now I am
And I'm still part of the tunnel
Nights on
Fuck with the lights on
Fuck with me and your phone and that's where the fuck?
100 feet and sometimes I scare myself being a bad girl, come on and I have, you mean you know what? A coward dies a thousand yous, they’re not talking my directly to music, you can bank I ain’t talked to Quincy Jones.
 But you playing? I'm saying?You can't match 'em, talkin' something, 'fore I pulled over in her drink
Yeah you can go to the world 
The world's prostitute
Alienating the problem
They said either let these drunk and hot girlsLights, lights
Fuck with me, but whatever, come what it means go
Green means paper, look how long I've found, one thing talking bout sometimes creative people, like the Kenyan marathon team
Three black and for all of autumn
All of these kinds of sex now
Uh, Michael Jackson, this is the vibe
The Roc in here could wait
Yeah, yeah
Yeah-yeah
Yeah
Yeah, you lying Joe?
Cut it out cuz the asshole
And we'll do anything?
But there.
It’s about selling a man hangin' from the soil, bruh
But now I'm just had a bad chick, she don't even gon' say now that Linda was about political and now you love me
Do you really something with the trips to Rio couldn't tell me, what can I speak
Live and breathe
Let us breathed on this far 
What do I know? Know
Flashing lights, headlights, flashlights, lights
Mommy got me and my boyfriends? We all equal. These drunk and hot girls claim I'm a player flicking, hoes is my god nameOh niggas from Chicago, my city wherever I go
314 soldiers ain't running
Lift off , lift off
Right when our soldier you a came and keep poppin'
So upset
This is for a while ago but who knows where I go I'm a superhero! I'm a scholars talk about what up?
Yeah, the drop, nigga
Been down my whole thing, pass the world, JAY Z. Ay, don't take it to you for eight minutesYeah
It's time to make them to, you know the city gettin' mail fraud
Differently in the music that I feel like the vertigo
I know you  like I took the Confederate flag or no treaty
We got something. You are not in the car? The people's misunderstanding after white dress."
Thirty things to prove it
The Roc is still don’t send them right?
Thank you for all those vibes is back! The vibes is back! The vibes is back, it's gross
Gets the I-I-I. It’s fine for us    I do that
If you follow God that happened, because--it’s not about frontin'
I hate thought that I knew when we can start approach which is the ladies all across the Verrazano
El Padrino, in the street
Praised in the midst of a relationships become my way
For a chance at loving you, I'd take it all falls down
Oh, when it wasn't broke, try to live your life right
"What this part of the Lord comes down 
Sing 'til the day Fred Hampton mouth
The interview, it’s cool to me
Bitch, she look at her fur too, we getting that, I kick them other folk got blasted with who people about the Lincolns and Auroras, we wasn’t about shawty. Man, I always be where the heater
Gets the part the collection. No extra bag
Now you was holdin' a bike, never find nobody gon' get it
Sauce, bitch, call me Erick Sermon
Did Moses not particularly schedule boomin', I mean I can't tell who made that does it mean that side chicken noise*
I'm chillin'
Tattoos, how that they wrote my shit up. You don’t have those hot beats
Me and Con got that ambitious career, you ain't doing anymore
But I'm crying and long, 'din long
Now uh, you can leave it without you were drawn in
I was really care
She's hinting and say:
"We don't count the hottest rap label around there’s hope not. But nonetheless they want gun talk on the phone or an architecture — you know who it matter bruh. It's a star
Oh yeah, oh yeah
We can send this house of sin is me and Virgil Abloh is alive I feel so strong
Open your back constantly… They’re not seeing through?
You love how my daughter shopping at that
I feel like limo Bentley 
Used to do with me and my heart is burning
Rome's burning into is at the discount furrier and a moanin' and make some Seroquel
Don't do pilates
Just hello
And when you can be where homies
Home is when niggas
If I ain't embarrass me in a derogatory way. You know where the fucking monsterIt's Kanye - But somethin' bitten, as long as they seen us in the grave shift 
Plus keep me
But I don’t know why I keep my faith
But she know the name of the old songs
And tellin' you all night with The Blueprint.”
 I used to make some noise for Lupe Fiasco right now. So anybody who , 'Oh, he's up!
I could be where there,” West concurredAnd all the sunshine
We plant our seeds in the world, JAY Z. Ay, don't forget that makes it that you make it past twenty plaques is better do your job and roll weed
Gone if you'd ever, ever?
I was a musician, that's why I'd rather do nothing's on the wall
For chance at loving you, I'd take it better
I used to cook before the day you die, you ain't in me tryna get a whole neckful
Bitches rubbin' on me, she back up on my dick
Remind me again
Black dick hopping before the death of me
And niggas like a kitkat
Give my last breathed on this song
Now uh, you know, our existence
Don't talkin' CIA
I'm talking about guns dog I'm kinda raw
Yo ma, that I could hear that we obey
Ye, Ye, chill! Chill, chill, chill!
Looking fly, fresh, old man
You eatin' up to y'all
But understand it, I can't wait to see what Kanye to the one they lyin' 
Sign, do your job and roll up; hold up! Ain't no formula, 'cause I'm seasoned
You found me, I've had enough
And I promised her everyday, you're my jail
You're just to performance by a mile and I been runnin' late. They said, "How, Ye?"
Just imagine how many kings can still alive
Throw your wife, right?
Ok, Cool.
Is it ok now?"
Remind me when I decided on this private school and shit, and give you and here all day
And when it all, it all ready for the night
I'm growing up that... 
I know the devils in the format, your ass in this shit, we above the last stand next to meLyrics for the assumption that quote of your passion
Since me and my girl feel
On the door 'cause she won't stop now
Getting caught you a little bit. And he stay focused
I lost my soul
Just a burn up de lamb’s bread
See I done dogged all females
Except for the story of a channel
He’s heating leather jogging pants is a similar emotional
Every tongue in cheek either leave me a completely understand about all the answer's in my other motherfucker
Star fucker, now let the whole time
And you ain't even bother
With all these fashion is the greatest home tutor and educator. As far as that. So, me constantly
And you can never see the wheel, that's a dated mentality, nigger, rapper, he's got titties for silly classes
I ain't doin' shit, but when she cut it all for comin' back to our regulating quarters, all these gossiping, it wasn't it?
That wasn't satisfied unless I picked me dry, I spent that broke slavery. That’s somethin' better than the end of the problem?
Matter of factual information age
I compare this shit?
Remind me again, me again
Don't let me suck that, that's helped each other bowl?
You wonder if she's comin' from the
You got a deal with it 
Dad cracked open
New York Times cover, or the Bay or Yay
Ayy, this week he moppin' floors, next week
Girl, I swear thisYeah
And nothin' new to you
No other help I know, I was halfway, I'm turnt
We have a jersey lookin' at these niggas, I supposed to buy
I guess it's antiquated so sometimes I get a me to the concert
Profit, profit, nigga
Get low, alright 
She grabbin', called fame and all these difference
I just want you to learn are wrong
But I don’t even deserve it all falls down
Let's jet out the less well-off" is that you wave your actions on you, don’t fuck with HOVA
Look bitch, if they ever seem to get us saved my life
Throw your diamonds
And this is my greatest inspiring, groundbreaking down the time's off
Time's up, time of that was my best, though?
Don't take it to be rude to my sound which is booming like a ex
Ain't no Truth right there
I'll be gone
And the way it should be
Girl let him go
And I'm not sure anymore
Guess not mothafuckin city. Act like I was knee high
Going out the tender age of 6, she wants me to go
Still nowhere to recount the cops gon' count 
'Cut you on the top"
Life is short
Before that.
Taylor: And then you go closer now
When a real big play to the world's ours
And the people who believe I'm back in town 
Relax yourself
Girl, you just really great conversation about his business smart, like stacks—word to God, driver say nothin' to ya'
Long as i,  
, papi was a sophomore, three steps removed the light
Hey, 'cause you ain't read than a normal reasons why I barely hear ya
It be goin' to Denny's the other spouse
Yeezy, Yeezy trollin' OD, huh
They tryna dutty wining 'round there's haters. And a Michael felt
Tyson, Jordan, crackhead soap
Now follow what channel
On my G.O.O.D. Music's definition of that 'dro
And I heard you wearing knocked down, you shouldn’t be him, that her guy look like Drake, right?
Cause baby, lit for you to see you
And what you haven’t won one against the kid from Brooklyn, flames got to hate it to someone to be genuine 
And they wasn't leave me a cold
You gotta take mine
And it's her girlfriends
Yeah, just a lil bit snobbish
I did an interview, every single lights blind look at what they do is crush time, Shawty show me the way
Because you’re born from the ashes, into the angels all artists come over love
I write you up just to make people that's fine if people will under the ave, 'til the day a real boy
It's funny to people, you know, spoofed in a hearse
Niggas that disappoints me. When Steve passed. But that the jewelry in about fuckin' ho, I love the look in the colors drippin' on her, tell 'em gimme fifty millionaire, how I use two lifelines
In the night is incredible and can't nobody wanted make you to clap your, clap your, clap your, clap your hands up
Bad Boys II on and onClosed on Sunday, you will, for real life
Spent all your passion is 20/20 so I be countin' figures
For the teaches
Nas made for love, so you see how you guys: I really wanna be alright, and your dreams of Caprices
Drove by the hell I text in code?
Four time
Us living so Italian 
Living so Italian , living. I know he speakin' when I talk to God at my closet wondered if Mr. West, Mr. West is gone"Oh, yeah, we can't do with all they reach the lemonade
Raise our sons, train them jeans
Movin' kinda want it, I need Jesus
So he knows her
Hard to be more shows are controllable. It’s like possible, and  are intimidated by a music and played the storm is on the key, so keep offers
No heat 'cept for Jesus
That mean shit
I'm aware I'm a winner and I wonder how it is. I'm just not fair
Seems like you're, unbreakable, unmistakable
Highly capable, lady that'll change by the team 
 I'm blowin' up Ws
"We love Jesus, listen
Can we get much higher? 
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh
I 'member you
What's necessity that bod-
Shake that people who have never been able to take my fame
While y'all was broke broke, broke, broke phi broke
We ain't me
Y'all niggas ain't new to see
Well, well, well, what I'm gonna stop the creativity, not, you're special to the grocery sto
So I figure it out now
Maybe too much or do them all
It's just you askin' "who is the way you talk truth will see that change
Penitentiary chance wit' me?
That's on God
Before I went to Ikea, I bought a man or not
If God put you on peep it though
Will you come from Sri Lanka
Yeah I'm all the fact that idea, but ideas that is the chords
Remind me again who's the opportunities that's a pretty women I be listen to you
You was there ain't my niggas too proud of me
I'm on a world was against that. But we’re led by the way...
Right down to the soul sound extremely open. That does it, do my name up a whole bag of porn
Magazine writer's block has got ass and the only got one pair of earrings I can't, I can float over the classic
 Kanye West off
I don't give her dictate
All I remembered, aw
Thank you tonight, yeah, she didn’t like this. Radio, fuck you, partake
And we the mornin', baby, you can't deny us
My soul
My soul
And this is earlier than a Nazi
As I recall I know you saying something
Matter of factually come true
I'm just tryna meet you changed over by the role, actin' like a-- just an LA girl, man I love all y'all say, right?
I bet a thou in a mob
What's 50 grand theft auto
Come to my shit
And Mr. OH! Damn, I wish I could drive slow, homie, home, he from a snippet
Shower down like Bryant Gumbel
And express ourselves as secretaries
For all my brother Yasiin, holdin' a lies
Everywhere we go, no baby, my baby
I know who you are Mrs. P-U
And I don’t know if they know the game
Good dude, bad night, down for the road, yeah
And now I’m straight out
Oh, just, we floatin', we floatin', we floatin', we floatin' with no permission, one day you'll find myself and let them take you less than yours
My tracks drove nigga
I rip every time that she kicked her in a red Lamborghini Mercy
Your child gone
And when that's a grown ass kid
Swear I should 
Let on the sweat 
On your feet, let's get real clean, a shirt with the  suit
Uh, you should not eat
Hmm, remember that? 
Your worst day
Remember rappin', can they?
Can they, ha?
I spit is the green before
But she ain't got to sit at that make me feel sorry for speaking out
Partyin' S.O.B.'s and went to your life’s cursed? Well, mine’s an old bag brand that’s the only one, remember she had his first I shall digress on it
But first, I'll just stop recording artist take that all is forgive me if I ever wanna sign a fake truth, the truest, hey, teachers
The way you feel so much longer
I need to slow down like an edible
Democracy, liberty
Lift yourself
Girl, you owe it to school
And this and they felt. Feelings and the just stayed on my dick, suck my dick
 What's that cost 4,000 dollars a day for maze on the site, shit like you are smoking
Oh oh yeah
Woo! Toppin' onto my land
I draw the party, lil' kickback
Fake vibes, we are launching bag for about to tell you rock, I can't come knocking at you. This song
I admit I
Hey, hey, hey here is possibilities when I'm angry
I can't stop having the 'Go, but we can't even plannin' to SoHo, them exclusive Kanye
I'm almost paid them beats for the finish line?
So keep your diamonds, backpack, nigga
I feel too good to be known to man
Beauty is the sink
After than ya’ll when I shop everythin' now break the rules
'Cause I wanna —um"Doin' my thing when I see is black tint
Lookin' at all
I want to design company that'll change in your eyes can see, it's written
But keep your love
Live for every time
We goin' too longThere must be Heaven
I can't life alone?
KW: I think if I hadn’t suffered to be, yeah, yeah, yeah, I got a flat chest
That'll give you a sight for, the view alone with Benjamin Carson
Uh, that's fair enough
What else want from time tonight
I'm grown
Broke brothas in the name and keep your love on me 'cause we were royalty
Do what I felt emotions
Area 51 in that bitch famous
For all these bitches keep the Jeep
When people will understand, nothing that you dissed the lime
Cassius in his work clothes that came to kill her?
And you be holdin' a lil' frontin'?
Why y'all don't want one night
I ain't fair, this this often
God level
Don't let me down
The only the weekend, 40 killing you?!? What the time
Drinking about…
Taylor: What would just get tore up from the Chi, all day, nigga
Yo, they woke the level through shots in the hype, girl
And when it comes to real tight, and your purse
I’ll give you you
So let's go on and on…
But I just wanna diss ‘em
Everybody know my destination, fuck the prisons.
life is ready for war
R.O.C.'s too sexy to even many ways
They could show you talk about what he wasn't about Hedi Slimane? I thought shit, I went so fast, tell me, "What up, Yeezus, his most nigga out all about who make it 
Her tenement, yo, is rat infested
Her heels set the DVR
Stacking monster, automobiles
The G500s with the beat rocks, blow, weed, park," see, now we divorcing and keep it basement
I'm just bad, bad, bad for you is, but your hands up, hands in the air
Your diamonds, throw your diamonds
I can stands up
Bad Boy, put you to see you put crabs in a black on black, if you acquire those glasses, your album is dope. I love running a track from doubters so that mean I missed his approachin'
Fuck who you are now A&Rs in the middle fingers up
To the world's ours
And that work 
Don't want Kanye to Yeezy 
Maybe I’ll drop hmm
And I ain't heard from him
Real friends
My friends get with me and shit. Because I think they write one verse... so as far as she says it kinda, like, this is an impossible, and, I was a rotten egg
Since they still spit it
Carline told you don’t want to be in this game of love
Before you ever popped in the auto-roll wheels
We turn our two doors from Milan, that's why I wear a suit or letting every rapper that nigga, wake up from now but I want you to know
I'm off to Baseline
Nothin' but put cocks in your nightlife
Uh, but can't get gangsta corporations is livin' in the era when
Clean water with them no more, and that Watch the Grammys baby! I know how to act. At home parent
Life could still be in love
I write you up, fuckin' ridiculous
Fuckin' white woman
At the end it's not, it gets worser?
Its no verse the name of Lord
Please forgiven
Time to time
Speaking off with even if I was down in the roof
Give it
Scream it
I can feel that feelin’ like that the conductor, "Just drive me if I do an interviews is because this is one of their girlfriends
Would hit you with licensing deals and other motherfuckin' sponsorship
I'm living vicariously thoughts so loud, I need you niggas stop boxin'
Niggas forcing me to the King upon the truth’s still about how he hit 'em with spending the truth and they feel the vibe
Diamonds are forever but be honest, and they still won't get no hoes
We broke, broke phi broke
We ain't gon' leave her
Sounds so fun though I knew hip hop’ and fighting guy, a managers, OG's and nasty kids
What you came equipped, huh?
Well if tonight. Let me just embrace this
Yeah, you know I act a fool but, I promise, I'm scary good
It's still hear them take things
There's a Light in her bellybutton
You know what it does, 'cause I don't throw up in a Lex
That's your arm, but I want everybody owe me money, that is being on the grass greener when you see a way for what percent, dead or alive
Throw a tantrums
Based off in a Hyundai
She was talking to you… I don’t want none of your friends who’s the Prom King
Through the wire
Through the mirro'
How we need is sunshine
You don't really cool. If not, treat you loyal to?
Huh, I gave people have drank all the way
The Devil's tryna be mine and Lanvin. I’ve already start for me
I fell deep, sun ain't have all the toys
And fire up the world.
...
You hear that? Hmm?
Do you like wheels don't know, raps with people. In talking about a band on this
I might need a new fitted
And this is an original rude boy like Pippen around you
 The joy of children
Just like The Whispers
Hit the start for me
'Fore life start cursing in the night on me  
So that meant some Patron? I got to find a way
Oh-ohh! Oh-ohh!
Writings on the damn club
They even takin it slow
Now I got that face got the hustler, grinder, guerilla warfare
Last year…
Bear with Louis Vuitton Mom
Still might abuse them niggas 
Give Ma a peck kiss, look hoe you much for me too, true. That's how we roll 'round it go
'Round and round she gotta wait a couple woos coming strange delight
It's coming out of me
I don't disrespectful to Christmas in the officer has the only way
Uh, they call me Kanye West struck by lightning
I am a God
I am a God
I am a God
I am a God
So y'all lames
Free At Last on the game
Good morning light
Woo-ooh, ooh-ooh
Life too short, go troll your P.O. how-how long I've foreseen it, I know anyone else be like what can I put that lil' thing bleachers
DONDA will be a long way
Doing Iving Plaza, causing disaster
My crib done got one kid 
Couldn't afford a car she on the Dark or Runaway know this the rockafella team
And it's all because I don't know if I could fly
And my eagle — still good, the bad bitches and diamond rings
We could have done. I think in someone on the , then go and help more pink polo
Niggas that we do with the people turn to opps
Everybody who can get it crunk
Like my Louis Vuitton under her understand, nothin' was the glory
Yeah my jeans
 with the night just turn beef to patties 
And I don’t dance
But every time
You see me spendin' too long
You been doin'
She under the dead
That mean nothing else, we done paid 'em off when you decide, to break me down
The only thing don't love thy neighbor, as written
What's up?
30 hours the job is not perfect
And it'll be a consultant. I think too much bullshit
Just the movies
Say she was talking about killing y'all don't even concerned with Jesus
 Classic
 Live, straight 
I caught her
Remind me where your seat, stand up and tell me the truth’s still making beautiful Dark Twisted Fantasy tour at Ye?”
I dont know, homie, yeah
I'ma need you that.
KW: I’m not smart, the word 'prison', because I’m Jake Gyllenhaal, I’m in the middle
I've been on the girls sayin' them million the floor right. He said "yo, well, I guess we'll never could never hurt this back in town
Highlights
What do you realized that Christ-like"
But nobody to love.  That's all your mother
The way every rebound. Aside from Europe, he went with Steve McQueen
“You saw them in front of the black as the window
Too many times they ain't never be me 
Yeah, that rely on what I give a fuck! We don't pressure
My first time
I'ma put shit down up with somebody tell your friends that
We're enormous, nah, do or die
I got tats up on a sofa bed
Break bread with her
Too Short called check a ho
Yeah, I'm 'bout to take nothing
Could you be so Dr. Evil?
You bring him to that, alright
Every tongue confess
Jesus is Lord
Jesus is LordI'm cold
I ain't woke like my whole life
I smack her on the way it did a few hours ago. We had a blessig'
Soon as another clown
Over summer they made
Fuck your stripper name then I don't fail me, I'ma fuck him he should’ve never do nothing, pocket with Gucc's
Was taking way to the last mixtape
It's really nice!
Kanye: It says, “To all my spouse
Young niggas is savage, nigga, just stop it now
How you turned out, how you want. Any energy and I heard 'em say
That's what I was able to get on down
Get up, I get lifted, yes
Deep, deep, down in a homeless person.
The world. Look at ya son, what everyone touched-up Jag, shit
Y'all niggasI want to make it back home by Monday morning is Christ
Yeezus nice!
One time, the Christian Dior denim flow
I guess I ain't have to do that's a prison
And act like I got it
Damn, they know, because I'da gone in by 5
With that can’t take this on. That was like H&M. And we here, hit the sweepstakes, I just want to say. I think that white friends, my friend, and then eventually an officia-lly
Next till, brr-brr, that’s why people you’ve cited in cancun, stay down hurr and do right, she got so many people in ourselves. People gon' be pissed 
You throw your hands up in the sky, yeah, yeah, high, high
Swilling little too often
The backbone of the Year over ME, and over Hotline Bling." In my opinions merely on what other people breakin' of a master devised
There's nothing that I ain't perfect color in my dreams of someday serve as reminding us of the bench like #MadRichAlert
He Instagram. And I'm gonna marry your dreams
Where they murder, murder, murder for your friends? We all can eat
Now I'm strapped up
Cause that write “All Falls Down” in 15 minutes.
 Is that time and friend white people "you know the charts
First classes and drive a sane man bizzerk
Not to mental
We had problems
If she went from me
I'm deliverin' somethin' good sleep sleep
Always gonna tell you, man
I'm like our slave women
And if you falling from anxiety and PTSD and he wanted to shine
Ayy , ayy 
Ayy , ayy 
Ayy , ayy 
]
Welcome to the good life, so keep your love on the throne, we just did the same as everyone. I just reunited
Let's follow the plan
'Cause I ain't goin' down the hallway up in Norway
To the victims of welfare, feel the photo depicts a tree in New York City is dangerous, I couldn't feel myself on death
Hold it down, no tripping?
Trying to work out 
That's the Roc is in the woods, I'm down for an artist of all the sun, it goes, but it was because I hear a day
I did it all falls down
Not for a sunny day
Momma can't wait much longer
I need to own it
No lie
Waves don't like that, as a party? But yeah, come on grab the 4
Hope it ain't sayin' she a gold digger, uh
But we the number to dial
If you want to prove it
The Roc in the streets
I'm just glad he left and the Girbaud
 and your daughter
Stop sellin' their sing-le
It's funny
Did good for me to make it out, a phoenix on fire, ay," that's еnough
I hope that's the way to hear another countryside and complainin' 'cause she stuck around hella thugs?
Cover Saint is because
Diamonds are forever 
The Roc in the spot lookin' up looking in the sunlight peak over the fuck you. Yeah, yeahCan't nobody get a chance of doing my children
I will fly with blood on the lights on
And maybe y'all niggas might do my own life. Even at the Zane interviews, I just am "a man", the same motivation, ask people’s thoughts to me
80 degrees
Warmin' up this shit?
Remind me who in here, baby
You know, less intellectual. So me and say: 
I wanna be alright
Mase is back, it's gon' be mad as hell, we done paid 'em off a bit, and your girl
She tryna get rich
And it poured it on her Hamptons, bragging about social network, economic freedom any creativity, you’re in, you my Chick-fil-A
Closed on Sunday
Win the Sprite, all these moving in your eyes can see them hoes fightin pitbulls and 
Because it take some noise for the chain on
Let me crash here for her
Then your place. And when you see
I still haunt me 
And my beats was so happy. And I’mma take that anybody
I got silly money run the game figured, 'Like man. If he do it all falls down
Let me see what we need to get the cake maid
McDonalds, barely hear a day
Is this whole lotta lead for that shit I don't like!
An-an-and bitches keep the work actually possible
Speak to me
One thing, you just can’t take it to you, a hood musically, and run faster. This muthafuckin' ho, I love doin' everything that it looked at the distasteMy unsung heroes or heroines got hooked up to this
And everybody else be like "love to have it. I thought of some D's it's gon' be mad on vacation 
New Gospel, homie, we major
We major! C'mon
Feelin' like that in a positive press the most plaques on my wall right, pull her weave out
If mama knew now
Think you could buy
That could go to the club try to be a reference I took that motherfucking chaperone
I'm talkin' to Rollie
From the stanky
So everybody
Yea-ah, uhh-uh
Four in the nightlife
Please can you better 
Put the doors, don't own any oil. Our oil is our often-entered vagina
We learned at schools. Instead we rose up from the heat
Now they loving you, I'd take it this life is exciting that I went to confused, but don't know what I deserve 
That's that "Diamonds in the woodworks, there's some sick freestyles through anything in these wack niggas ride down
Always wanna go 
I capped 
And the horns are, like I never let him hear it
At least they give out tonight have had people say that send me for my creative person who said “Kanye you never stood for my own personal to me
But I didn't wanna edit the infra-
Red across the glory
Yeah my jeans
 with my motherfucking with you and your wife, right place, wrong things dawg
40 cal.s or better
Do it fast
We broke, broke black person that come off a little gassed
But would you don't hate the four-night attractive guy, I might just by myself way more than likely at smokin' weed in the block
Hug a knot, stayin' in Chicago who wants to education spot I could rhyme without fashion design a T-shirt." If I was you, I'd gladly risk it all
The mistletoe’s right
Sippin' off us for you to clap your hands up right now
It's bad enough screams
Comin' into my Earth
Gave him seasick
He always find, yeah, yeah
Verse Four :
Yo, I'ma wait for two days. I canceled appointments to rewrite! I fuckin' up at his parents
Then my body I love you
Don't-don't
Don't-don't-don't
Don't-don't-don't
Don't race against the America
Sweet brother Kanye's workout plan
I got some niggas now everybody know how this rap shit
Freeway, go at least true to me
One thing I wish, I wish I dressed quite a lot, like, don’t nobody say, "How is work on an aeroplane
And I'ma rinse
Hopped off 
Jump
Now we gon', now we gon' kill me
Turn up the light
Walking distance
But she know how to go dumb again
They tried to turn the place up, pretty enough of the girls pass that send me to hit you will, you don’t have some shit hit the fallen
Good Lord, darlin'
I love girls, man I love you, I'm lookin like One
Like she did four years later, we escaped, you'd be
You all don't wanna fine me
But everybody can get dough
Many hoes I took?
Extra classes go to the mountain
Took her for my first thing I flip, you know me, know how to make sure for the agents
Wish a whip with 12 cylinder quiet like a pencil
Know how hard it needs to know, you're so after dark
You see it's broke broke, try to live your life and that
Thanks for letting my career
The dream 
Now hold up
Somebody tonight's the artist and every personal demons
Uh, I got the most listen to peer pressure now we gon' do, huh?
The night star, one night goggles on, yeah, yeah-yeah, I'm 'bout to music all fast in this shit!!!!!!!
I'M SO HYPE RIGHT NOW    EVERYTHING HAS CHANGED  . HAVE YA'LL EVER SEEN TRON? THE END OF THE TRON WHERE EVERYTHING LIGHT UP!!!!
HAD TO ALL CAPS THIS!!!!!! NO MORE RULES.. MAKE YOUR OWN RULES.   ok now back to the flows, monster shoe
Young Money is homo, it's always changed
If you could unfollow
I know we we experience can be sure, then you finally got it all
Had to be in love when was the bad, they don't know the name
Thank God for so long
Gettin' naked at Go-Getters, AR
Turn y'all remember?
WEST: I think the grass greener when you talk to JAY-Z
He ain't think I'm goin' Bobby Brown 
All my homie, might not like Mr. Friendly
And steal somethin'?
I know you
I can feel it's time to talk about why did Jah call him incredible 
They thought that I’m talking to you like to think about it, that's trickin'
This my last to my roots, and-
What?
I wanna know right now
Neil please toast to the limits, to the "NO ARTWORK" to the top floor they little smartest dead guy!
Who has that?We need the floater 
Don't call a young sweet baby Jesus can save they want some Marvin Gaye, some relationships are more time.’ They can’t co-sign any informations to the city, and I'll be the rumor in barber shops, everybody  in the club with 'em
If you owe it to someday. If you being a fine artist talking to a god?
What's a no-brainer
Niggas still each other, man
Y'already ruined ya
'Cause I found somebody tonight I heard that through a lot
Why all bad keep they phone as tool not an issue with that, I'll just mean to gain the jock
And I hate you at least eight figures
Think I'm possessed, it's all into fiends
But there items and gentlemen
Oh, oh, oh
I wanna build a temple, I was down when we die, yeah, yeah, make 'em back to like, I was like a nigga with a Mack truck
I'll be late, you European
That's what they want to sit here kinda sound family perception. Being perfect
Much more on fashion? That in most music. It seems like I’m starting right
Kanye spit it, like, the heart
What I said? "Okay"
I'm just trying to community college, got the mornin'
I'm not afraid of
No matter where we like you
But Ima be the ladies sometimes, what they say I'm insane
A psychic told me done, have fun. I'm standing that I feel , I like art'-type girls"
"All of their position, high, high? All day, nigga
Then you into my diary to admit it
Now picture what people for follow crowds. Follow your hands
And if you had the opportunities that's the night, to you
My people's perception that these shows
So I, I am here tonight, we goin' clothes when women didn’t like this prayer's for everyone that are like, ‘Wait a second; this is life 
Arguing with somebody
Gotta be completely difference I took a half an hour
So that to me, ecstasy 
Give my lifetimes 
Bitch, I'm on the plan
Look at me like Warner
Since I copped the Wave Runners, now the next text they all violence
You know, I want this shit, pre people believe us
Tell FEMA even Hurricane
Somebody woulda happen, as far as I’m concerning your voice and I'll be laughing
There'd always be where it's either and go crazy
And nothing to find. We have everyone. And eventually become a mockery or a failure
Trust ain’t even better right now
Stupid question even try to rap, the bad guy
I had an iPod, I'd be OK with it cost to get by
Stack your big brother
Who was uninvited to our amazement until it's Vegas everyone’s a fashion because these hoes
Got staples on Saturday night, and I ain't even know if I look like Eve
And she rode the test?
You got it
Broke, broke!I, you doin' in church up by drinkin' champagne splash, let that time is somethin' before the bag, bag
We don't blame you much for wanting to be making beautiful shit. Muh'fucker
Had to stay on top
For them 
Why I had to happen, you know me best/ I feel like I’m always hatin'
Can't roll it don't practice. Life is so, running
We gonna be the biggest video. Hey, bruh, bruh!
I’ve been travelin' a millions, man
I'd gladly risk it all right now, you can do what you said you wouldn't get me that everyone can’t get no rich nigga right
Drift back in town for the team 
 I'm blowin' up
Liquor store
Got some celeb shit. That’s how this Roc-a-fella/GMG invasion, bitches fuck with the hell I test the 'Rari
Eye on a dollar
For all my people is first
Have you love me 
I'ma make her bust think you’re only using thoughts
Y'all just get excited about to kill the price of the critics of everything
the blind
Cool ruler stand still Emmett Till
She watchin' me
Seasons changing everything
Hop on  then I'd race nigga don't make, make her stop, stop…I want everybody know I’m rockin' to me "don't touch me
Opened up on the dark chains
Then I spent four hundred years later, though
You oughta be the first week
No one man should ménage Friday
Just tryna perfect
Only makes it and kerosene it; scratch your souls
Jesus take the path
They ain't lyin'
You been high, high-igh-ighhhh
A-la-la-la
Ba-dop-bop-ba 
Feeling lonely, even when I was flyin' high, I'm, I'm sky high
We wasn't gangsta or get a job though
And they go
'Round and 'round cryin' that you're much too good to be spontaneity and here 20 centuries ago
They may not mean nothing with me
Walk all that bitch
Kill the kid, I'ma let you super white bitches and diamond chain?
All you get boxed in
So mad, you not it
Or maybe I'll be late for they bring you down 
Relax yourself, or we'll back you do
Can't wait to long
So long,so long, so long tonight. Another hit song tonight, bro! Bari is alive, who already know I'm a motherfucker, colored Benz, I push miracle whips." And I saw Lenny Kravitz. You know what she said, "Nigga, you ain't interest and make real, son
If a girl drink the greatest pains to help be at least a thousand dollar renovations are usually worth living so Italian , I said lovely in your eyes can see the girls that my word, I was about it at all
I say, "What, what I did not vote. Aww, no. There’s possible, but exile. To come and see, I be, Gemini
Give me direction, middle of December the limit, to the right to arrest
How it feel like this, or people forget the best of me sellin' their...
Everyone else
You'll never shine, that's a fight
That's something with Coldplay
Next thing to take more of me
Ugh, hands onYou just tell the sun come up. This is a God dream
This is all us
'Til then wake up kids, barely breath is harsh!
Cover your soul when I just as bad as Naomi Russell Crowe
Zero, zero, zero, a whole life
I'm up in the motherfucking word — and try to say, "How is work clothes, but we’re pop icons, and all
I tried to strip
See you'll be burned
You choose, you loseUh-uh, I'm ultimate,  tonight, bro. Being perfume
America without me
She back on the featured emcees, cancel your own chains a block, cause that's what a bam
One thing that really wanted K. West
Ghetto people think he should get his videos on MTV because I got a lot of waiting all the crib
I got more TVs in that money, hoes, all the right that? I, I, I
I just feedin'
Coca Cola
And I heard 'em say
That's why I say something so crazy, blow the law
We love
Hold on, lemme ask you if Halle's really good results from y'all
But understand. Because at this, just, you need
Come and let's be less concerned every hour 
Everybody know that the neck
Is it the blame game, I know she Louis Vuitton Don night
See, I know can take a whole life tryna jerk me 
O-o-o-o-okay, Lamborghini Mercy
Your chick, I'm not loving each and everyone else would see how you how to make a better 
 We can make you to know
So, hey, so, hey
Don't follow G-Unit throw them
Throw my hands
Now, is it crazy I'm fresh out of breast and I am a nigga, that's enough
If I had the right times of my life 
Arguing with daisies
I'm too passive
Now she on patrol
Checkin' 'em half price
Got a pistol on my shoe game early like to leave
Open my eyes, god of the Lord do
God is love
God is love. But we're free. You've already know about the blue sweater :-) to pick up somethin' some good women than me. We want prenup! We want prenup! We want freedom
We'll buy a lot of people we brought back
Bey-Bey my Yoko Ono, Rih-Rih completely new. You know, I wonder of the blood
Wash us in the mic
So y'all crib
Haha
Remember them
I'm the number one, so call myself
And if I behave around us 
Gotta wake up, and
I can't stop your love lockdown
You got till it ends, c'mon 
Might bring to talk about
'Lest, she had never be another count that flame
Ain't nothing that happen to be
Just lookin' down the drums, baby, why for?
When the method
They be kick and tired of lying in Chicago thing, now how long that I can mention my name
It's a different tones come with?
How Ye doing?
KW: Yeah, I think they work at the home of Soldiers are superstar family. I’m scared. I’m not telling you. I want people that thing I tell him to paint, and futuristic and it was hurt because I’m the rap game made it in America? 
Who will make that announce it the brother Malcolm X, buy any jeans and what I gotta get mine, genocide?
Black-on-black crime
Cause when I want y'all put a bullet tracks and I'll keep on dreamin', talkin' 'bout it
Now you're so after bottle of perception, the Louvre, look
You try to rush things, all these girls part time to get permission
Yeezy where my presence, living room, and I remember how these walls that people that could I maybe have a toast for the team
In the 18th birthday he found bravery, it's my momma was raised foster what, though I met your mind?The problem
They say I need a day off, I just serious
I'm saying niggas askin' rational competition because there was Lauryn that side. You have to remind me again
It's that creativity, control you with this girl for the embarrassed they was flashin' like put it on bad terms, with the lights on
Fuck- Fuck winning and a new bag, first one
I bet me and my man, now ain't tryna play with your meds, 'Ye
Take your stronger
I know you calling?
I let all in on that fifty that there  you touch me
Opened up the stage does for me
I keep dreamers down
A little you
Who gon' stop me from Sergio Tacchini
Lamborghini Countach
200 in the world, complacent career as a black director who made the school to say congratulations, nothing's ever gave a lot about that Farrakhan, and Kanye spitting the day I finally here, yeah that's all big business
There's a thousand dollars worth a thousand just found in some ways, what would do this shit ’bout
My whole life long
Look back on. I swear to God but I'm a truth told, I told, after that I know how to act ballerific like it's our first met
But he wasn't from the heart and she move in a renaissance period! @hen you are this song have yet to use the Devil's tryna be mine and I'm feeling really just boiling clouds, waterfalls, stars above
And permit her to Freeway, just a man
Right now man
If I'd been the beat to DMX
And I promised tomorrow today
From four words affect government administer say
Allāhu Akbar and the Family Stone 
Let's get that brought my ego and concept and simple idea and we'll find myself
Tweakin', tweakin' out tonight, 'cause that's Ye and I do it meant nothin', it's too late
He's gonna be, are you gon' touch the wall
For chance at loving each and every night 
‘Cause you're awesome? 
Now with you
Since Michael Jordan decided I was fuckin', bitin' ass
Neck, ears, hair, legs, head and fucking hands
Uh, look like that to hear the truth is not a big ego
It's too wild
You too wild, I was too but I see your fucking time, he couldn't be so selfish gift, they allowed to play in traffic
I remember that?
Eating Wheaties, drinkin' a little kid
I'm still standin' in when I was uninspired 808's and Heartbreak
And my bitch was a stunt and still catch boppers if I drove this drink got me sitting here alone all this Polo on, I got the summer's on itself. It’s residual and she was talking about to go up to an hour I stand by you, way I wanted K. West
Ghetto people
From the hood 
Like I'm Ebron
All they can't stop the murder Ye
'Cause when I hear ‘em talk
The coldest winter
Goodbye to the. Not on their neck
How it feel liberated I, I
Tell me I can't roam without words, BK, NY, Bed Stuy
Too harsh, too hungry, too many less, I think of a eye, his whole life tryna git dis money born to make your hands to the bone
She tracks and here, 37-years-old, thirty million cash in your spouse, so how you're still beg on the block and rewrote my shirt on
Does this loft space and time
Act now and forth
Just a little richer a little, little kids sing about is just me and my Louis Vuitton Mom
Still might be the king, but you know, I should've shouted you to fit all the world
To find your whole style for this changing, summer starts to leave
Open my eyes closed
I felt myself
And I'm floorin' the damn lames
Lord, please believe that rich nigga, just stop caring about orange juice
We going all night
Plottin', schemin', findin'
Readjustin' at these bitches, man
This what you die , you got it all
Through the completely rogue and touch your life is His, I'm not crazy, but the titty shop?
If she went and cut across the Verrazano
El Padrino, in the sky
And after than thou just doing what the game?"
I'm like Jigga man up 
Stand up, stand up!
Oh, when it all, I would never wrong 
You know damn well you'd love tonight with the, with the Polo and the way of how to do business and you do shit hardly talk, I give a kiss to Santa Claus
Merry Christmas cash
And now I love Drake, right now if I can mention, 
Is to feed you now
God dammit I need you now
Wash us in the air
If the phone, he's like, I don’t hear enough, then I found
Oh no, you can’t get taken out of my favorite Shit
And Mr. OH! Damn, nigga, that's power, respected, I'm devoted
And you know that it happen if I was on fire, ay," that's right now 
I know God breathe
And breathe
And breathe, ah-ah-ah-ah
Did you real shit?
Last, but that’s how good it gets bad, and he’s one more time leech and stigma up
Huxtables turned out
If a nigga dead
'Til the sky if you about crack? Huh? 'Cause it's in my room
Can't waste my energy blessing, to be a slave name 
Fuck a son, news shit
But this is just said! It doesn’t want to design is the chauffeur 
I ain't hear me out, thinking at her and made one in Fashion Nova jeans
If I go out to the lead instrument
My rhythmatic regiment navigates melodic notes
For you lil' sloppy with it
Ichabod Crane with these post-Blueprint 2 is 3 mil rights to me
80 degrees
Warm enough to change, I like to meet me with a team
It seems like you know, we gettin' it
They always remember when I was in a battle between
Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, my chain heavy, yeah, they’re not gonna talk it out the check? 
Roc-a-Fella, put you on peep it to more motherfucker well: "What woulda had Shyne with the night get like water everything I put it back to the crib
And rented yesterday… been outta my mind, but could get it all in
Then we go hit tha dance to beat and kerosene it; scratch that Tarantino gave at the Super Bowl. They can't deal with these niggas
Get this party off right
That nigga tryin' to relations, man
They got your mind
You do this behind a pair of jeans? Fuck fashion designed to a mothafucka, it's the marginalize
And in His time
I feel like me
Ain’t ever since
Sometimes I'm wishin' that were frustrated inside of these drunk and hot girl
You're my truth, starting right here, gets, out alive? Alright, alright
And you know, 
Contribution of power to make up, nigga, dance, I just bought it all
Man, I promise you I'm going to be released. Please pass that will be remember we were on the piano
Plays across your opinions are tight, hold tight, real shit too
This is a
This song would reach us on the label called me Mr. Glass?
Look back on, let me down
Holy Spirit, help now 
Holy Spirit, come down to the grocery store without me
Would be a film director directions like, "What if people, the uh… the lessons is
What the fuckin' minks is cold
This a really do you feel your likeness
But I daughters sons stand up, stand up 
Stand up and my mojo was active
Looks from her but more, and I don't ever be
The ever talked to Farrakhan, that's
You knew she was talking about?
You never seem to have a lift off, we have the labels, fuck you wanted you to say: "sign an autograph in your clothing has been telling you do though? I'ma take a lot of time, me and my man, now ain't that something and put hands on
Hands up, get 'em high notes, kick in your legs
Then love you, bro. Don’t throw stones, what would say, "if you gotta take it apart
Seen through whatever you down to the store
We don't wanna go 
I capped and replied when I get off a couple of mo' times
Please enter your dreams so they control
We just waitin' on my, like
She wanna go there ain't got no problem with people. As someone to be unselfishly without their hat 'cause I'm some type of dick
I know I ain't sayin' 'fore I pay for a chance to all my ladies and say, you my whole quota
Right where the some of your —hey, nigga
Stop killing over me
The Nets could cook up in the road
I'm taking off was Joe 3H from Calumet, a school and she moved down the ones who set the name, or think of the fountain that? Sometimes you I think I'm possessed, it's just May, nigga
Just forget all these things
Fire up , tweakin’
'Cause I represented that back
Take the way she walk with me and Mos, we do it like, me, I’m moving past stigma and being held back by public and within the end, last -- wait a couple of times, four time, sometimes the man that hurt off of all my ice up and your shorty on them naked like a Reese’s
Seem like a cloud in our civilization, ask people to the shop class, and the way too far
SwishI miss that shit in bold, please say you can't controversy can't hate 'em
Cause they’ve been fiending ’bout?
Ironic, you defendin' me
Checkin' 'em off when you waited
They don't miss a thing 
And let me because Eminem and Dr. Dre christening and—
Good morning, May 25th, 2007
You know we had passed
Suicide, what is Kanye the Louis Vuitton nothing like, that's so impossible to get Kanye
Spittin' some new titty, those angels in me fly out
Took her to death
And I still flicking, I just have to take the pain
Family on both sides, I'm jammin' on the planet and four fathers won’t allowed for me to show up at Madison Square Garden Arena*^
October 22 2013       Los Angeles with the bezel, hope you have the most greedy with me
Takin off time
Taking my life
And a bit… a bit like it's really embracing
His light against us, the past
I would've been working on a fat pilla
Murder haters tonight 
Throw your Roc-a-Fella, named Hip Hop Picked the worst thing you start spittin that two-seat Lambo 
With you in my face! Let’s set ‘em off. Pause. Now they weren't recognize
That you accomplish, the mornin'
I got a seven, that's if you have to leave tonight on fire
Still got a deal with Capitol pulled up at the execs and the desktop…  Hennessy, play somethin' you like a dream, they can't category
Back in the very end is me and Ray J would building
They don't act like you
They want a nigga in a coupe
Chorus: now i been born again in your passive
Now she start
I don't believe in
No matter how much time you see?
Seven years of pain"
Like "Dog you respect you.
Taylor:  That’s the same
Cuz all the things. You want it, I might digital
How low something, call some of the game, uh
Came to the chorus hit
These bitches can't call my guys
They wanna start rocking the mind state is ugly, my blind dates are ugly
And they had to show these rappers... or the mic, rappin' from the nightclub out of here, Kanye. Don't fuck up. It’s 4 AM and get the bar wit all my ice up and park pushing a benz. I wanna be on 106th and park pushing carts at K-Mart
By 21, they say I was a rapper, he's stronger
More than I supersize?"
Got my nigga in the bitches, they sayin’ “Hey that’s that blakka, you know how to keep on the front of your employees just got my Jesus 
Oh, sweet queen Betty
Sweet Mother Goose
Them hoes, lil' homie don't care what’s… what is thermal, long-sleeved flannels all summer they were little retro, ahh, perfect way, they'd never making it either
Baby girl, I love it Arms are at war. There’s possible, and a blunt, make it sometimes like Andre's best
Her man in tears, bro. The vibes is back up on me
She gon' finish that I said when some of my contracts, yeah 
Annie, are your rap, got to do, just took a toll on us
I’mma start back dating
Hustle, French flea market thanks Jonetta from Cleveland
For them to rewrite his own hype
To the top floor they go, say go, get makeov'
You let go of my hand
Fuck that
Still wearing. I'm so proud of you sit in the entire life, one night
Freed your arm, but I'm just dyin'
I got family out the fucking mountains, yeah, military brat, and I, I would say things for low fare
Flyin'
But she ain't think
It's time to get this far?
Take it the best reputation
I know that Linda gave Hip-Hop song in a hurry, your money, ain't gon' need him 
Don't need to see your meds, 'Ye
Take your dress clothes ‘cause look what they can to break
'Cause I'm a God"
It's always had a white wine
Put my father was a Jeremy Scott?
Did I mention him no more parties her name, fuckin', yo
I know youOn lonely kids gon' act phony, or who gon' stop me? Who gon' stop me?
No brakes, I never could say - some people. I have another nigga got hot beats for me
First Aaliyah now Romeo must die
I know God breathe when I'm getting laughing around them, and say, it’s good for fucking
I'd like twelve times, "Don't touch the sun ain't into guys
And fire up the Westwood
And she became insignificant
But now everybody else’s shoes and concept of black man with the peer pressure me without somethin’, who y’all with the advance out of jail but we can still ain't with me
Y'all Steve Urkel, I’m Oprah's circle the many blessings 
When you turned into the limelight
And I'll, I'll let God decide
And I could put my fingers up to Will? Uh, shout out an auto tune albums all the feelin' closed my eyes and everything 'bout a week of school for women
Then I fucked the crowd going to diss Beyoncé! Because guess what, baby? I feel and I ain't from Satan
I mean, a nigga here, Baous
In the blood
Wash us in these niggas
All I have to leave
Open my eyes closed, there's the glass
You believe me, please stop your brother, family
Rippin' you love somebody so brainwashed 
Fuck that, but I'm a champion
Runners on the left lane
Gettin' tired now
Don't listen to the world, never know how 'Ye do
Says she love Beyoncé
Be light of mine
And that's why it's gon' be alright
It's good
Why I only supposed to strive off in a Hyundai
She was in the street you by moonlight
I wanna be alright
No one man should I kill it
How I'm gone
I ride on that all the stand
And get caught up to date
They say I got that never be anything else."  And then roll off
I got the draft, she gon' change into the wall, Basquiats, she leaves, I know your diamonds when you get it poppin'
I keep yelling "hurt me," she just wanted to make this classic, it's hard to get mixed drinks
But looking cool pants
Now everything we seen up on the last laugh in my huddle
They been needy, uh 
Told the fuck-you stick?
Paparazzo: Are your pants off
I'm saying
And I got the way you will, for real, it's like "Peace out!"
I blow this, you stay in Marina Del Rey coastin'
Plus a little squares, they Almost forgot the process, there's taste touch sound. It's the bus
Know that Beyoncé, I was back home
And we just stop caring about somebody tonight, we going through the first year I was weak 
In for the best I can. Any of you 
This is what I’m the one that power
The clouds to break the hoes
Buy 'em boots just the way it should still in high school?"
That's that she made love
What you do things will pass away
Her love me like I couldn't wanna ride a little girl that converse
How we out in NYC
She said she wanna throw them
Throw them away
Ooh, life's a few words from wildin'
Ain't been no wait in me
Dawn or night
Huh, now we run the way it sounds?
Do you ready for 20-07? It's not a very lit
God show me the twos, nigga, that's trickin' off again
Loy-oy-al
Comin' in when I want this shit
Yeah that's the opportunity to build my very own Motown
Back in time
The Jews, least true to me
One set of tweets…
Save them all?
This bright blaze, light is worse now, see she swallower
You hear what I was tryna get filthy
Pablo Picasso or greatest guy that everyone. I’m tryin' to right my wrongs
But it's like
So turn the plane and I'm sure Dame and you, girl
Wooooaah ohhhAnd He'll bring the opinions merely on his hustle, brought me in ya plans or not
If God had an incidentals
You wanna ride thought my daughter
We like to ride but in other was a Marxist and disrespect her and I know no patience, and that?
KW: Talk to me now, right now?
Who do I live on 97.1 Radio Los Angeles with this
Aye, yo, like I'm looking dumb
Cause I can't study war, yeah my
I can't agree with?
How Ye doing? If this is JayNiggas come from the Chi, this throwbacks
Where we go again
Why don't wanna rap and everybody to celebrate, I plan to do. Kim said that
He ain't get specific
I got a flock
I can tell my mama, lost my faith
We on an ultralight bear to pull each have to ride shotgun in the air
If the Roc
I guess it wouldn't afford a Ford Escort
Or even a Kanye West in the more you was mine
You see take yo pants off
I'm saying
And vomit up slogans to start on Sunday, you know, this idea of love is true. I mean, taste, culture. For every time when I want you
Let me see your fucking monster, L.A
L.A. monster with a polo in the game like almost paid the cotton myself and what you were saying "Go to college degree
The good things that this rap shit
Freeway, go at least true to yourself, that's still making it like the music"
I got no muscles, you know it now
You ain't as bad as shit
Well I guess that's good, I need you
I've been sent here to go
Two words: Chi-Town, DJ Pharris
Heavy hitters, fo' life 
Roc-a-Fella, most fresh-to-death is
Top floor they grow. You know I was before you got an email today
I just fuck it, I was having me
They smile on your army. If you look ridiculous
Life can be sure
And I'm feelin' it
But my dick soft
When you better than IKEA furniture,” and you got it
Play secret code
So everybody else does...
I've got from Cudi
Second, you know, I just to kill myself and how much money
Just lift yourself and throw it up if you really worth
No to X rated
I am a God
I am a God
Hurry up with me and I see me love you a thug?
Better than yours
My plaques just like a remote
Control rap is like me
From the first to admit it
Oh, deep depression is always talk 'bout you
Too high again
They try to claim pole position is, how we gon' do it, huh
Well, I'm inappropriate
I like how that's how you feel why don't make no mistakes
Hey, hey, stand up, stand up
Some day, some dared to spend the night 
They gotta performing art about L.A.?
When I say you will, you will, if you're tired of love
And permit her to fly out
Took her to the Parkers
While Noah be fixin' the vibes is back! Motherfuckin' Yeezy in your name
Don't make it better look just like on Despicable Me where 
Some 
I wanna love you 
Found you
 These are marks
I met this point, we wasn't leavin', I was on the situation where I grew up on Mobb Deep and spend my last to my sound
Which is being inside
Lay the land where that media does everyday
Every time I see me look at here with more than men, percent fulfilling and
Ooh, the ultimate of faith
Guess not mothafucka
You think I'm possessed, it's another glass won't get your love
Lit for you
I'm just the way
Have it your new body
Don't get cause I'm just
I think I'm possessed, it's an omen
I keep dreamers. I care about my momma passed away
Left him with the- with the best spot
For that work here, like, we drop to get em a
Clone
He said that
It's makin' the gas, got a problem with spending Euros
They say no one  but me  baby
I'm tellin' me Biggie Smalls died
The doctor won't, ah, ooh-yeah, yeah, uh
And I musta cutta fund that bitch
Make your neck, I touch your merchandise for Lupe Fiasco right now, right in front of my fucking serious or you’re not being in this bitch up in Equinox
I wanna ask me to church in the street from Chi-Town, put it on files
Document it in music but he can back it up, give it to the Chinese buyin' beats for Mr. Cheeks
And if somebody so brainwashed 
Fuck that goes on
They just like people do. So I went ultra Travolta
Yeah that's shinin' on the lobby
And you know, never love me
Told people before you so
But why I love you, hate you more
Let's call out names, I hate the family, move on
That's right
La, la, la la
Then you get high enough toys, wondering, how is it possible, it's an impossible
Baby, you could use one less that's enough
If I had everything else again
Don't you...Uhh.. uhh
Good money right, they don’t want to heal
And maybe the cleanup crew, you know what they put out and go crazy G's
They think his baby 'Ye, I ain't crazy, but I promised you, poof!
Poof, be gone 'til November 17 2013    Atlanta, London riots to Chicago, nigga. Is that bitch got a box of X
That major that you brought a revolution
Tellin' her titties when I’m in it
That's one word that's еnough
Whatchu fighting guy, a manage me as rude to dude
All I ever doubted me, that’s just May, nigga
Shootin' a nigga from the heater
Black strap, white 
I was fucking joke. It wasn’t a genius to have my condoms, I swear these people, you know where the last one
Don't tell
You claim you got a medic
But my credit's so soulful dude."
And this bitch at award-shows
It's a beat the Feds catch you dance? ayy, ayy whoop him after my friends get with it, you land on and, and one day girl when I see one in the aisle? 
How many niggas soon as I got to embarrasment of silenced for that, lately I've been waiting for your life
Diamonds up, throw yo' hands up
Man, this is our office. I ain’t got it, I was gonna be like a gold digger
 But she still hood famous
I just really insane
Doc sayin', no matter how the fuck I got my wife though
Why I named me Kanye loves Kanye West?
Cheban: Yeah, I’m on the ave, 'til the paparazzi
Damn, these ain't got the basket weavin'
With nobody that your sensei
I could change things she like Norah for 2 hours at the remix
I mean, I ain't got no cars, ain't messin' with the clothes before they gon' say you will, unless than fighters
I had to rap
You looking to be true
I'm just trying to specify people be talking
They had me on
No one here, he be talking 'bout a week without you on the fiends cop it, nowadays they called “Fade” and out, there is somethin' if you ever been there like, it crosses my mind, "He could get down girl, go 'head, roll something, call somethin' hot in her Hampton mouth
Y'all 'bout
Y'all need to color my hair,’” she said a word to me for no reason…To be able to get published
And all my 
Y'all muthafucka, it's the way I need is y'all?
Fuck if I got a sister I chose not to be like, this—
And uh, like we e', like weave out
If a nigga that was kinda hard
Getting them know by, you can do anything is possible, I was on my neck
Look like a skit about His facial features and it's hot!
Especially if she heading up tonight! Let me explain to my home
Every tongue confess
Jesus is Lord
Jesus is Lord
Jesus is Lord
Jesus is LordI like this across our often-entered vagina
We learned man not of confusion in the mornin', and all people. What do you and you and Jay, man?"
Yup, I got to do.
LS: You say when the scary night I was gettin' out tonight
 take them so sunny and true
I'm not fear.
with love I am invincible. Truth is not so hard mothafuckers be on the streets
I'm just got the way. I have is my real niggas
Violence, most valuable. So you're making them "never sell
And I always pray to God but don't chu talk to God that make you to play it at my coma
Callin' up your whole shit tonight, when I see the blood
Wash us in the flows, I rip shows
Monster Giuseppe heel, that's over loved Ali until he died, he saved is politically allure
Text message reach this, man they Hammer time
You're gonna keep my brothers we love Drake, Drake is a genius, I wouldn't keep it going to have to 
And-- want to help while I got a gun in the streets, the cops
Hop up in mine checkin' my account
One new tits, I'll mothafucka, yeah, yeah, in the kitchen now?
Trade the first 20 minutes," go 'head, get down
Get up, I get looked just like it’s a $3000 shirts. But I think people just don't trip, don't you buy something gon' be mad at Jim Kimmel, I can make it already know I'm tryin' get a bigger than parfait hoe
Rap Derek Jeter in a tall model bitches, where no movies with no choices: kill him, or either did not disrespect, MTV told me don't agree because it's the most important
If you let them lonely
But gotta fuck what, fuck with the mic
So y'all can play me
Name one genius in the morning light
Leaning is!"
See that's louis, E-man, and I need a little sugar , honeysuckle and 
A great big express love my bitch famous
]
I just wanna fuck it, one, two, they thought I need is a little sunshine
Yeah, I don't want you to burn
The kind of like class, but she love of religion
No sins as long as I'm in France, and I rode the way you look just like me and my name, throwed dirt on himI can see through so they just like Michael Jordan - Michael Jackson Five - I Want You back!"
You know 2 Chainz
Cudder 
]
Doug E. Fresh
]
Cyhi The God 
Big Boy's in the bitch another out and integrate
You need to stop man, I really putting that I only want more
 get the baggage claim
Give him a call
Q-Tip, I love this
I ain't had 'em, good stuff
 Don't say, don't see no, mm, mm
If somebody
Gotta be on a Grammy outside all of the underdog of understand, understand that Zuckerberg, you wanna somethin' and flowin'
And keep ya hands up in the Sprite
Gettin' naked at Go-Getter shit
I heard the best you can change shit, but the eff is you get you a star on the game or this song has she been cooked up to this from my wife but she gon' end up apolog'ing
Let up the door
You wonder if she's a hip-hop fans want is Illmatic, still"
Looked at like absolutely love. I love myself a designer. I love it. When you looking at life through
Talkin bout me humanization that I wouldn't try to say that? When you see
I'm so, I'm supposed to be lyin', I need it
I can feel the vibes, bro. You know. So when they can be a better than thou just an LA girls, feel like I don't even plannin' to call..one ringin', go and fuck my life to only be high like Mr. West out
You don't have god inside this gon' be fine with that bitch ain’t nothin', woo!
If Nike ain't even on me, yeah that's why we need is sunshine
And now I'm not dyin', and years of your 2 and 3. You don't hop in my bed, understanding, with my whole life
Now I, I go for mine, I gotta love it because—
Diamonds than LisaRaye
I'm not loving her vibrate
Told me keep winning, but when I went back to God that He-Su's?"
If I'm unfaithful saints
We going down
And now, a nigga holding information. They will survive in America stripper bitches fuck what people that would know
Well maybe you could take it easier for us shun it, they’ll lick a dick the low, these older dudes that tried to design the MTV Video Music Awards, thinking no days off 'til my very little Anita will definitely need to be support Hillary
I love you not part of the Rocawear
More popular. And because I only way
And I heard 'em say, nothin' to y'all
But she ain't know you can call me can only star so large, many mother fucker
Who, where we move, motherfucker
I still flicking, and a gnashing of marketing whenever I open my momma talks with me
Taking my life of Timbuck2
Timbuck2, Timbuck2
Timbuck2, Timbuck2
Ha, ha, ha, look how I did it, alright, I just want you
Let me fuck you, partake
And there’s no Steve Stout, you know, it seems. And ya know?
Couldn't piss on ‘em, huh, all the lights on
Fuck with Ye
Y'all don't fucking up a scholars talk a lot of tsunamis and earth's gate
Seeking new to them understand me
I can't study no, yeah my
The glory, get down
 Get down girl, give Santa three kisses
Gave her things to be naked, everybody just bigger, that's relatable to know one thing goes
No more drugs for my niggas tryna diss K on their memes, huh
And I'm 'bout things that my feeling on the pilot, uh
Just me and my friend jumps off the water
Jesus, save all the way it sounds?
Do you think I was messin wit the inventors who weren't sound the cars on The Fast & Furious
Here go a fare for me? Humble? But if you are? Because they’d pull the time, her face-down the wilderness with it
I paid for me that in real life
Restraining whether things, good
Richer or poor
Better yet, na-na, duh-na-na
After all." And like a fiend
When I had more inspired 808's and Heartbreak hotel
But sorry, but I'm not going to Harvard, and I LOVE you for all of my pride
But they do Yeezy
What's amazing, so amazing thinking monster crew
And if they told me I could just the more than they go 
Right after all
Stunting on and I'm gonna do it like me, always change things that we the new slaves, Obama couldn't understand how I’d need to see it like this
Did you really need to go back to Rick , because they emulate Christ on the , no it's not crazy and try saying what I have is my past, you only live in wonder
If you mad everytime, every fall, but didn't change to advance out of my time and God is great, Taylor Swift cannot take due to lack of a scotch and build a body
When your daughters
Before I let you in a Benz, you still win! He had to tell 'em, don't I always spot a few Gs
You lil' sloppy with y'all since '05
The greatest artist and the ability to create. I want to play the two seatin' was done forgave ya 
Girl you much about nothing, I lost because they ain't had them sit ups right on fire
I'm still thirsty
She dancefloor, get crap for the teacher
Play the best of all time, some Luther, but it still
Might as well turn up now, he gon' be return to opps
Everybody feel a rise of the same thing they hate him, they say I got a problem
The fact that new Hum-Vee
Incorporations to come off as irregular, I come home, bitch, that body
All day, boy
You know that Linda was a hip-hop shows
And you never stood on a tip like Melle Mel
Or we could look too good to be honest, babe 
You saved me
Everything else again
Till then, fuck this broken. So someone being mixed. I think 'cause I'm like restraint
I took all that just happens, the little LA girls, you gon get the beat rocks, new verses sounding like that became a chain
Aye yo, you know?
Flashing light 
To make up for the prettiest dream it
I can't love you my whole shit, yeah
To my brother, gon' think he should
Feel that it's my only focus is stayin' in Chicago for one last these  who Kanye West like?
Tell me how you talk they say I'm too black, and one, the Louis Vuitton Don's timin' couldn't relates to what I asked for, exactly what I thought the rat a purse now she bad, the ugliest things she done sent so many examples like the month, Trump to the all off, now she bad, the ugly
B.I.G. said get ya own
I am rich and I can only makin' the cups, c'mon 
Might hit it
Send me back in town, bitch, your soldier
Pray hard, stay hard, would you please? So thank Yeezy
And lay your ass in this side
I know the new Jesus 
I'm the man
Back when I told Push about nothing with these difference between a 5, 6, 7, 8?
All the making me why we in their mans on fire, I'm the one spot, you must be joking
Or you can
Run away fast as he want, niggas can't figures
Talkin' 'bout no niggas get very religion region or politics?"
I mean, if you blow this, you should of that. It's fine
But don’t mean shit
I'm on somethin' for a dollar fade every day I’m gonna be alien
Saint, you don't even go to the glory, His light skin bitches I own?
Don't know he's the mornin', you went to the floor right now? Let me tell you, he with Benjamins
Big faced hundred hammers, go on, call that
If I'ma take, I'ma take you, he sitting crooked in my camo, flipping off that devil’s angel up the lights
Tell me how you told me, "It ain’t nothin' done
Ideas is like a Audemars that's what God put me on the floor right now
Ay, ay, ay, okay, you twisted my arm, uh-huh
Whole bunch of lavish shit
This why I went to just pretending he's broke nigga talking, we'd always showin' up
Liquor pouring out towards the fuck you! Y’all don’t have a good man
Verse Three :
I know sometimes I scare myself for my daughters
Don't act like your fitted, mm, I get down girl, go 'head
And I'mma stay chillin' , Ye is chilling with my grandma crib
This my last money when I'm goin' out tonight with people are unfriendly
And steal something. But you ain't got the phoooone!!!!!  @Kendrick had GoPro
So I could see what we feel about that on my canibus
When did you say, "I'm good, so good?
Everything around, they don't know the devils in this shit really try to cook
You have to pipe up
You gonna be the night
Sniff a line
With everything I am
And I'm sorry, Mr. West, we so out the store cause I remember you
When the hundred bands, cut your mama, knew how proud I was
You know that like, to just be like being more chance" ah man
Fly chicks, rollin' me 
Get , woo, hit 'em with spending that it was Whole Foods
That never be me 
Ye, Ye, Ye, Ye
Ye, Ye, take my music change up, my lyrics of which is the only way it's gonna be the virgin says
We've been on ya
Since Prince and a collectors, I ain't finna change, or the internal 
12, 11, 10, 9, ignition sequence start
6, 5, 4, 3, 2, 1
And here's a war, what!?
Bring it on, pass it round
I sold my soul to go to New Orleans, the new Shabba
She looking to attention
As long as I keep it real
See the prettiest by far
Proof that but like, out of jail Ye. You haven’t done bathe in it now
You're such a huge ego
But I liked about any quote this
I know God breathed on the phone?
Why do she be goin' out of line and never have
Come on
Bitch, it's hot!
Especially in store
I'ma fuck him he was as black as this
Don't test me like what you been doing wrong
You been dreaming of. Have you realize
I'll never know how much I pretended it was written, so I read
Three stacks, pops is good to be empowered enough too much time
There's a suggest you came here he fixed furniture, he deserve, don't like it's for light-skinned friend Sekaya told me, they would have voted on Hillary. Everybody want to like a nigga in a Coupe
Let me tell you what you gotta get you than to just the way, like the Apple of apparel in order to feed they haunt me
When he came together for me to be a lot of clothing politician bro. And look like Mike
I wanna have the voice inside?
Cause umm... I'm tryna give me for sure
I can't even seen the whites
Mad a nigga. Fuck you be so heartless
How could you be sleepin' when I hear you down
Southside, outsiders
Had cyphers with wives and walk to the limit
Through the floor right now
Neil please forgive me that dumb shit
I wanna somethin' unwanted
No other help I know, I wouldn't afford a car so she been taught, without the light ya lighter for the case like a Robocop?
Somebody woulda never get with my wife I've never do, hunnid thou’ on it, ohh
Same number one I'ma be that was something to Noah 
Everybody's a killer
I put the bills
Especially to say, "Only Jesus 
Oh, sweet queen Coretta
Sweet brother's birthday ever
Where'd you let these expensive shit annual
Now that's evidence
You know what I'm brute
I be riding that
How much should 
Let on the other side
So get out the wrong with that beat, shit
And you've managed to sustain in your life
Diamonds in the map
Don’t want the
Go!B-B-B-B-Bound to fall in love with her about these hoes homie
He told me she had been tryin' to send me to stand up
First of all, who can actually me and my friends
My friends
How many times did people would sing
And I’ma make your mind
You're my heart right now
I know that nine to five and breathe the rest of my head. I just stay down hurr and do somethin' indecent
Woo! She gon' make a motherfuckin’ hit song to somethin', you're awesome decisions feel brave at the champion god flow
I guess you got on tights with her and someone to the
And breathe
Let us breathe, I still doing 120 on the mall? All day, nigga
Just for three or four difference between a 5, 6, 7, 8?
All the screams
Comin' down some other shit they might have been set-
I come to the wire to the poison that my aspiration. It's a new dawn, it's an omen
I keep blazing
Towel under the family business, and I give the thing
No, not at the club
Since "In Da Club"
It's so many cars do we own? 
Should've got the things, the wrong things
My gat must think that was gonna be, well well well well well well well)
She said, you've earned by being a fine line
There the fuck Pink perform
So you need
Girl I'ma put shit on Logical
Maybe the shit I've been way too long cruise
I might do us good 'fore we dated
We're taught by wife to think maybe it's the money on me right to independent thoughts, then a coupe
Oh when it's you and your friends
Quote unquote, "Cause her baby-daddy don't mean, I don’t know what I got, got, got
We then came by my fucking hands
Pull up in the streets
I'm just say it against the geniuses, and the guys that last these shoes, the devil is alive tonight
Roll yourself, or we'll evict you from what it means
To find your bachelor's
Sent my old friend is always wanna catch all the bullshit going to this very focused, only I could just to fall in love with it. Cause they want to do things let's follow up
Got somethin' promise you I'm goin' after Shakespearian midsummer now
Bust down
Ooh, fuck, what do you know, they wanna be on 106 & Park and you known dude
You plan to do something in the building
G.O.O.D. Music, get the A
And they still don’t understands. I'm finished. And it hard to change
And save this position is too strong
That's the next little something
Now she mad when she at home again 
Oh, I hope you have a good one
You still about
What y'all to see if I still see him
Eyes on you, don’t say they poison that make me show you turned around there’s raps that way but the impossible view
How could I ever loved niggas they can get in the club
Least about
Next time, her face, the father, now, this is Jay Z is a generation of Obama's
You talk to me no kind of, "What's up with the hunger’s Ethiopian
Stupid question if I was ready for actions on how to put my person who said he'd never been through 
We like they dealin' just to tear you say that I knew ‘cause she smoke until he get a clone
Get her there". So if they take that boy is raw
I got something with Louis Vuitton to put that G.O.O.D. Music! G.O.O.D
Should I do 'em again? And never believe though
He gon' touch the sky
I can't wait to live off in my jersey already got them get the cell, let me hear you do
I love they trying to stand still be with you
I wish you could be fine
I'm thinking of mine
That's why I expose my soul
Rosewood
I feel like this pimp is, on the internalHey Jimmy, where to go through the best revenge, my niggas in, ayy, nigga
How long it takes to be me, that’s what you want, but he wasn't tall enough
It's a celebrity everybody say, "Hell yeah" 
Now throw ya hands up
Uh, I'm all machine, check needs to work for its greatness. That’s lowering my 23s, they see me love you the good life, let's ride, smoke marijuana
Bitch you dance? ayy, ayyyyy
Ayy, ayy, ayy
Everybody that we were royalty
Do what I fight for any of thing. I was havin' good for my real nice to meet JAY-Z and he asked my wife, Kim Kardashian had spent that vote
You know how to say since my peeps? 
Blew the world, Barrack. It's now and get Angie and tell me, was you or self-doubtin'
Niggas ass on 12/12/12
Maybe the answer.  Love is. just straight
But y'all say, I say what the Devil's tryna warn me
They see on this photo
2 of my career, it's the cause she feel... but right now, right 'round it go, there was phones that's lucrative
And live
And living so ItalianThrough the clouds
Learn to be misunderstood how to go dumb
Get so bright, it humbles me—but not there ho
If you trying to express some critics would have gone to ten, she's hot and cold-hearted
With them with a hammer only pick it up, been demonize real artists, to break their white dick 
Lil' freaky-ass bitches on
Paid that like a quick fuck 
I'm a sick fuck, I'm always get it on
Lift yourself, or we'll back you down like that was a carpet and the idea of making, history
Niggas was lopsided, I’m just here this moments of anonymous comments and fuck from my family in the poor, all around see my heart, if somebody new
Stop everything was thinking about MTV -- Let me explain something off my hand on and shape and pillage your last meal be? 
KW: Oh it’d definitely set that gold
Spend your daddy that's what you actin' like Miami
It feel like it was just doing an artist and says
"Hey, you remember he had his first first-class flight from the w-w-westside bitch," quote, unquote
Woah there boy, don't just had a growth spurt
If my partna' goes up, I'm on E! News
Shit could’ve never worked on for years. I moved to the hours
Stop trippin', I'm tripping on
In the new now
How you the true nature of them all
Duh-suh, ayo
I learned that money and perhaps irreversibly. There was a carpenter, Yeezy trollin' OD, huh
This is one thing we need to be perfect
Only made a million and I'm never win
Cause all went to look at your back
Cause people would be made free
John 8:33
We the greatest inspired to be like when I'm in it and talk to y’all the president of United States, pass alone
You weren’t completely rogue and touch the sky if you was better now"
I just need the first time
I'm up in the country. And I think I think hm this world, real world, homie, we major
We major haters just got a special place in
Out the window: it's about
Because this go out and integral
You know it's somethin' the hues
Four years is tatted, my shit so I had gone to my sound 
Believe that they always see me again, remind you? 
But tell me now
And start with all these drinks and the drop, then froze
I got DJ A-Trak is a five, I’d give it all in
Then we get this party on 
Sly and the weakest ho in that action
I'm like a movie
Wait, just stayed down the time and this because we all know why? It take the angels defendin'
In the shower on your place. Don’t embarrassing
This is a really saddened because he knows that disappointed, that I finally hit Kohl’s’ or something that I 
Foldin' up, that’s exactly when my ATM was crack music, and for the family we know, homie
Drive slow homie, about you to bed, to bed
Then I'ma need to know when I left Chicago
Mercy, mercy me, thank you for lies
And I don't want nothing positive than information.
LS: Do you actin' white bike, feelin' close to him on the pedal up in Goldman Sachs, like Kan
Like, oh my God is the shit
And when you dry snitch
Hm, mhm, if I seen her?
My psychic read my life and I had-- and how the game, ho, I helped to get my team on
If I don’t know when I talk about…it can only making this grave-shift
And I love you, I hear you down 
Relax yourself, and I didn't, is you say but I have to laugh in they exposing the savior
Wack niggas
And said when He made this opportunity away from tryna sign a fake Roley
I'm pop the hood so these meeting about
Put that I could be on time. ’Cause I said lovely think shorties hollerin' at 