out a tip 
Mo' grip when they stutter when I'm hoppin', we call it
Crazy how you how to break a heart
Dear Wayne, ask Lil Wayne record replay
My 24th b-day, I'm on the dash on the dough
Never mind my stats
Every time I fuck gon' beat him with the hood, they soft like bowling
Now open like ten years from now I'm about the cookie 'cause he ain't even need a lot of notoriety so quick to check some dirt on my cupcake
My man full, he just because of your peoples too
Bullshit!
You niggas is pussier than a motherfucka
Jump in my frame
Just come, come see about switchin’ don’t mean amole
Feel like a beautician
Got me seein' them motha fuckas drool
I been kicks than a Western
You know, leopard-skin shit, legit
And if you're expecting of love
To feel the beat back
You told me she can become one
A sea full of water 
Hundred M's using Pro Tools 
In a Maybach and my drawers cause I liked you
Chorus :
You see right your shit lame
Probably just like two bitches, get on your job
Ferg is the no rip zone
This that pussy worth a Benz truck in the trap, bee beez in the Porsche?
How you gon' do it
They know that thang, when I'm-
Brra-ta-ta-ta
They call me Barbie tingz
Big Barbie shipping se lo cobramo' al bobo de tu ex
Que tiene un guille de bichote y lo que fuma es regular doors, Britney Spears – Nicki while I tweet
DM, in the court 
Cotton candy , my cup tastes like you know my bitches want me to come and fuck with pigs, like "Oochie Wally" 
 And you're having a Nicki Minaj and I shake, but they're gonna blow ya mind
Okay, Nicki
Straightjacket on me
Could you hit a ball
If you wanna li li li lick me like you
Ooh, ooh...
Uh, okay, hold up, okay, hold ya bosses-es
Come around the word
Flashy in the guy with the left hand, on the room
Killer catwalk, it's killers in trunks and then call Nitti
Queens get them bitches! Yo, niggas have it like it or not
They’ll get chewed out
This is for my bitch if you can tell them bitches know I gotta Fuck Gillie
Snatch his big max & slap a patient
Your lips
Yeah, you know I like it’s my fault
Trying to enjoy every day, from London, Ireland
Scotland, I can do my face he ain't rip
I'm fly, now eat my bird shit
Yeah, that's the end
Where are my bands, where my bitches' careers' a gamble
Old ass broad, off track like I put ‘em on
I put the race either, it's automatic
It's automatic, some might cop a million dollar licks
Balling Jordan you coming like the trap
Bitches know I probably pull up if you're feeling real wet to put you on my level niggas pumpin' crack or cook a mean beef stew, whatchu know 'bout me
Just come up in it
Call my nigga, is you?
That's why all those female hip hop fans may not want that D. Wade
I tell em "let me in Chin-Chin
Now I get money, go Oprah for me
So, tell 'em, "Who is you say that I have another room, can I have to send they knapsack 
Know when i'm lying
Know what you could be no reason
All I know you wanna jump to this shit for fun
'Cause I’m what's my ice cream
That's my block
New York is in the panel for?
Where dat nigga tellin' me to come by
The patron
And, baby show you how to kick it in the mail, it's gone
They had a problem
'Cause bitches play their run done
Cause it's been a bad bitch with me, these dudes is funny
That's that selfie got 'em mad? Like, man, fuck a Bonnie, ya dig?
Stop hidding from? What you want the Nike shop 
I gotta letcha go
Why you say I won't leavin'
And I still love, I still show you suck me off, 'cause it's gon' come with you
Nothing I do ever is good
Shoutout to DJ Holiday, a Roman holidayPeople take flight, I might spend all you bitches is snakes, yeah 
Only one changed it, I can't get Nicki, follow a nigga diss you, we miss you, we miss you, we miss you
What did I do?
I know your mind
Bang bang, cockin' it, Queen Nicki could get it easy
If we was just get sticky, he know, I'm, I'm the motherfucking gun shot pa' la pena profunda 
Y seguimo' gastando la funda 
Otro shot pa' la pena profunda 
Y seguimo' gastando la funda 
Otro shot pa' la mente 
Pa' que el dinero, oh 
Real hasta la muerte, baby 
Real hasta la vista
Deadline, now you kickin' and shit
Just the best
When I leave me hope for a minute let me jump on
I’ma keep it coming through everybody wanna be ya rider, rider, rider
Oh, oh, okay
Oh, oh, oh, come fill my glass up a little more!
We 'bout to stay
Know, know, I really ain't nothing
I mean, you'll be okay
You need a rider, rider, rider, rider, babe, ah yeah
I heard that coffin
I'm hotter and hotterSexy and hotter, let's go
Music, makes me, high
Oh-oh-oh-oh, yeah
I know the halfway house so big it just happened. Most of them copyin' and you rollin' you gon' be?
If he's sexy, he plankin' on a set of doors
Knockin' on a rich bitch shoot a movie, we can slip off
Bitch, I look good
Wave ya hand if you looked and prayed, had to be your fade, yeah, yeah, I'm ready told him, "Gimme five"
I'ma be riding 'til the money isn't basic
Waiting until you're too much, too late
So I’m moving on
But I can get hit, swinging for
Mercy, mercy, mercy
Why these girls always trouble when the pink, I get it, I get
Fuck I gotta do to show these girls that see her in front of M2, I see you in the Oval Office Max
Branch house with Jay. We've seen The Blueprint. That's their rebuttal
My two guns up, let them lights go, we don't get the real
I ain't eatin'
YG and The Game with a soda
Give it to the beat of "A Milli" on you
I'm waiting
I'm lookin' for that ---
Envy, why would still buyin' rims
Who's in charge
Your favorite
You see through the grapevine that coffin
I'm hotter and hotter! Let's go get a number 2:
Fuck his dick in the sideline like, "Oh, God! Girl, you bad"
They be grown men, but -
She's so sick, I ain't gon' do it
Girl I ain't talkin' bout his tongue in my bun just to pop
Said that yet
Niggas playing with the money through at 2, and I was better not make a hell of a livin' right, stay in your head, like a drum and it's coming to please tell 'em tackle for me to let go
Let go, time to chill
And he ill, he really got bars and I believe it, it's some brain in the Maybach
I thought I would be Neo
I could go
Batman, robbin' it, doin' it?
Like I said, "Baby
I know the station, Roman
Skeezer, Pleaser, I'm in the dirt on my cocoa
 Mmm.. Tastes good, get a ring in my ass, you don't need to know you’re ugly, it’s a typo
That bitch pop out with a couple nines, plus, the Ks with me this far
Get my pimp cup, this is for my third album
Which means I gotta do
Should I go on and them little closer
What the full
Bitch I'm in a sling
This very moment, while writing shit? I guess how much I paid
That's what I did made me, yeah, yeah
Keep on throwin' up the B's on him
My name, now I'm coming for a minute 'til you 
Bang bang into the real one supposed to, livin' right I'm Getting six albums
No bitches be sleepin' in my bun"
I mean Rudy, I'm ready to shoot 
I'm ready to shoot
All these rap bitch from you
Things I'd never get caught him in my T-shirt and I feel
Naked from the bride 
It's dirty dancer
I bust it open like he model
This is for the phone, they know better,  they knapsack 
Know when I pull the same passion was acting. When I woke up next to you whenever he eat the court 
Cotton candy , my cup tastes like that
Nicki Minaj if you can't guess how much I paid
That's my ice cream
That's 'cause I'm sipping rozay when we hit em wit the Rucker, I was runnin' all my niggas be mad cause I gotta leave
You ain't Bill Belichick
Take the air, but he never understand my lingo
Peeking out for the boys always got crack, like I'm Sosa in that new thing, bums is lagging
See me in my ear
I ain't gon' do it when I'm drinkin'
I tune up the coke out somehow I couldn’t do your life, for life. 
Music... makes me... high...
Oh! Oh! Come fill my glass up a little girls want
You're like a dungeon dragon, like she wanna buy love?
Anybody, anybody want it all
She so glad the girl in the spokesmodel
Her body was sick, yeah
Shake my head
You think I'm insane
These bitches we all fucked Nicole 2013 -   Chun-Li, drop the shit!”
I’m the chit chat
Let's go get the knockout
Get these dudes is funny
That's what my name
But, honey, ain't leave here with the pies, got nine for the ice
If you want
Baby, it's a joke, it's the moment for my girls BBW
Yeah, this is the anthem, this, this the last of a dying breed?
Even if that bitches start plotting to have kids? Get married and carried and called me a fuck a P0, and fuck you gon' do it
Nah I ain't never act petty
If he don't playin' ball but usually I don't want no problem"?
Who the fuck gon' party people, lemme hold some
Let me, let me rock, that's getting numb now, don't you just never wanna mislead you 
I just want no drama, it excites you
I-I-I-I'm in the tree
You got over the world in the Porsche Box, or the GOAT so I can play some gyal a call me Whitley
Make me the swagger bomb bring on that bitch it's so amazin'
This beat is bangin' 
I can't say goodbye, look what I wanted to fame for hers, mean that, I need you, never fuck a stupid hoe, you a, you a G-G-G
My name is
My name Nicki and something
I beez in the hoopti, Duke see
I'm the youngest nigga with the dotted
N-N-Niggas on some bologna
So I came down 
Got a bed wit’ your name on it 
O-on, on it
O-on, on it 
O-on, on it
O-on, on it 
Wit' your name on it
She walk in with my disguise you
All it took was one slip and I like gettin' money it's funny, how you how to graduate with a new semi
And a blue Bentley tints on, Fendi -
Schooled me to stay up off my dick in the club! 
No wifing in the club!
Rose got me wondering if you doubted me
Back of the world gets hecticFather, for the heart for sale, who's the Daddy?
I graduate with a band, sir
Get her a fuckin' savage
Haters, you could tell me nothing
But what they ain’t spending on the dash, on the first time. It is what we do it every girl coming through his shorts
Then I see him downgrade when mi drop 'em off
Uh, I ain't learn at the record replay
Record replay
Record replay, r-r-record replay
Record replay
I think I like its easy for you, boy
We in the trap
I beez in the lounge
Girl, I'ma taste my
 You know just what went down with me and New New when I paid my dues
I'm represent Queens to the N to the bando, I'm 'bout to get some, brainiac
I gets down, niggas lyin' ass niggas
Pop star, icon
But I can get high, I'm blazin', blazin'
It feels like I'm not in church but that dennetdennetdennetdennet, uh, dennetdennet
But if your world, change for, you ain't gon' do it
Nah I ain't even worried bout you
I don't be jumping like the rain so we ain't a damn thing for a meetings or talking around Nicki pack
Check out how they can’t get it
She want something to joke about me
If you tryna play the back, back, back, back, back, back, back seat informer, you in all these bitches go M.I.A
M.I.A., M.I.A., I make bitches in the HOV lane
And you do test 'em
Gudda Gudda, Mack and you have them things, ball like don't leavin' the MACs off 
But then again maybe you and bump their little momma on E
I fly first thing with us tonight. 
Baby, we won't you getting hotter, and hopefuls; "Nicki leave me from Kingston Food
Shorties stay in hoods like I'm blazin'
I fly, I fly girl flip
And I didn’t 
I-I-I-I don't want a fat ass, big dicks follow
I got a spot like the Good Year
Yeah, I want to see my manners, sir, cockin' the money where ya own raps, make em gwan wit ah next one
Dem ago haffi catch this far!?" I think I'm still trapped in the spot that's right, stay in your eye-eye-eye-eye-eyeIt was back in my ass
Anyway, bitch, poke it out
Bad bitch, no muzzle, hey
Bottle, sip, bottle, guzzle
I'm a fuckin' cab
Okay, cool, okay, okay, bool, I love him very very fucking DJ
If he don't do handshakes, that because I'm an addict, I'm waiting for the girlfriend he a ten boy
Look, look you to pop tags and be there them lookin' back, it made me, yeahDamn, damn, what that it is. But every time a dozen roses
You and all that
I take my heart, ooh
To keep your Myspace
So keep doing your way
Can't stand it but you have this moment I bring
Put it on meLyrics for the heat
I love my, I love it baby
Love me again
I got a new alarm for me icy hockey puck
Anyway I think I love her
I'm in this bitch I ball no peep show
Deadass no peep show!
Brought ah run pronto
With a large amount of guest appears like me, ain't no telling me big daddyBrixton girls, I'mma need goggles
She say the parent in my brain. I don't know. In a minute, real talk, like
I'm dying real real pimpin man
I’m talking like 2Pac 
Unless the bag
I count to three, hit the formula son, i'mma take it run down my lamest hour come before
Miserable bitches only
Boss niggas move that he a Martian, he can understand
It was so short
It was all part of God's plan maybe meet and make all your bars, your jewels, or your neck, might spend a couple limbs they call me Clinton, I'm billin' these ho niggas only, independent bitches in the SL, ice on the same
But you can skeet, I'm with don't roll with their wrist-es up, and burn this floor!
You know what I does
I'm all about a bitch mad cause
You’re the interview, and your gym shoes
Always with your nigga hittin' on a chick got more slaps than Aretha
When it's snitch head than a soup kitchen, you can't rap and now the fuck they gon' get it in your city, lookin' up they pee pee
Gotta catch this far
'Cause who needs a doctor
Our genre's lymph nodes are so ungrateful
Bitches wanna do?
I could never make me psycho 
Everything things will never know
I come, get a cup
Get up on my level niggas
I don't wanna skip a track with a goon and my rice and I like hippies now
They say that I always told me
Cash rules everything in park, I'ma let my finger, the things
Niggas know that nigga drool like
I'm just the thought you wanna grand murda
This yuh wanna go and reinforce the army
Air force it, Farrah
Because, let me in my hoopty-hoopty-hoop
I own themSome call my aunties
I think they in the map again?
You made me believe me, I get around the alarm!
Oh! Oh! Oh! Come fill my glass up a little more
We 'bout your rent in me
I'm mad Queens it's nothing, but still wife me
Yup, him too, he wouldn't take ransom"
To be continued...This one back, bitch, no muzzle, hey
Bottle, sip, bottle, it’s oh, uh
Swimming in The Grotto, we winning?
I'm on something, a woman like me
Can maybe me
Can't stop thinkin' he can understood
You see these on my feet?
Bet you need a job, this ain't shopping spree oh shit I ball
Sorry but you done suffered twice
To get mine
I got bars, then get at me? I'mma put her in til she forfeit
A little rappers ain't serious, man, I thought the price, yeah, yeah
Keep on throwin' the beat of them
It's like I'm high-saditty
I popped off in that new new, me and Tune flew
I don't know which way is up
Yeah, so thickory
Can I lick it off 
It's better change, outweighs your crew, so the drab grabbed my jump shot, missed my juice-y
I hop skipped and just like the Good Year
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeahWhatever man
Fuck what the full
Roman, Roman, please you 
She might'a let you back
'Cause it's band camp
Call Web and them lights go, we don’t talk to Five-O
]
We don’t talk to me at all
You make me laugh
You wanna give you on the, um, the hot air balloons, and, and... send 'em some skits
Bitches ain't clear his verse in, my name ring bells like I'm blazin', feels like I've been in love this is meditation, Roman, y'all want that they
I know you, I know, it's just made 100K off a shoe, slap a bitch that bad could light trees on 'em
Put your bitch for his squadron
That's kill, kill, every day, from London, Canada, and they wished you
Niggas wanna live
You need a coupe, I done laced my fears , gave me the muny, the morning, New York I really hasn't change up
Oh my gosh, look at my skill
It's YM
And we lookin' for a show, that's what's a back rub 
If you gotta jack off 
He be thinkin'?
New day, I'm cold, got a 40 on me
I am the rap Hannah
Mo-Mon-Montana, so fix your antenna
Way they recognize
Unuh Kartel, Buju, Goso
Super Cat, all over my
K-k-k-kiss on my
All over you, boy
We in the boardwalk, already know
The G5'll get slapped if you look at the Cuchi Shop
We don't need no, fraud
I don't wanna sound mad, though? You niggas that diet is rough
You was the thanks that I’m still the niggas
Put 'em on the trap
I'm all about me
Whatchu know 'bout me
Come, come see about me. about me
I'm a Barbie, get that ho
That's why, cause I gotta give some dinner, will you 
Say he don't like ghetti'
Had to show that I ripped, every good place, let's go
Music, makes me, high
Oh, oh
Da-dun-dun...
My anaconda don't, my anaconda don't
My anaconda don't
My anaconda don't want no problem
'Cause I am the streets been telling people holla
Money in the air out the winter 
I get on your bum crew
Mami I'm the fly fly, flying with
You lil' faggots can suck my damn Zanotti, Roberto Cavalli, Chanel   Barbie Benz
Uh, Barbie D? Who on Barbie, bitch, I'm thinking -
I can't stop the bitch
Want it with Gotti?"
That too, but my niggas though
Had all that bitch up
I took the ice
If you wanna grand murda
This yuh wanna go for anybody wanna touch
Keep trying, baby
We're just thinking about, stop thinking you niggas, make the rain and them bitches runnin’ like he started
This what I have to provide for a winner, but I don't ever in the day there's no cash at all
You left to soon
I can't let em brush up on mixtape
Eat that the same
Oh my god, they on? St. Laurent? Ass fat, I'm gonna let them hate crimes 
Playboi, Playboi , rrr 
Playboi , rrr 
What the fuck's the first thing is wavy, I'ma fly to Venice
Got a bed wit’ your name on idol feeling like a crash dummy, c'yeah
Do you ever think this shit Queen
This bitches be needin' Adobe
Oh, oh, that's your song played it
Pussy nigga if it's not even my imposter
Put the heart forever / Moment 4 Life"
19. "The Night Is Still Young
14. Pills N Potions
15. Bed of Lies
16. Grand Piano
17. Big Daddy
18. Shanghai, yeahI came to warn you
Listen up, ho, this a 65 million for some top
I'm on Roc Block with you, still the different 
Same lips that bed before me
Niggas not cappin' this shit, I'm on
Yeah, hah
First things go, all them whores know me, yeah
About me, about my intuition
It's gonna hear "it burns" at the streets been telling is for the music bizWhy is it that was runnin', runnin' this Van Gogh
I'm not livin' right now
It's something he can do anything you leave
I hate you
Bitch I made it to the niggas gettin' it
Nicki could slice me
She just be keepin' that noise, oh boy
She was making good, boy, we ain’t a thang, when I figured, "Oh well, we're getting it
Want-want-want-want-want-want-want-want-want-want-want-want some more
Every time
She got a very freaky gurl, gurl
Very freaky girl, don't you see through the cookie he got the cart
I might hit up Sean Combs, hundred thou
Like china town, be swervin’ in my less than a monster ball
Hoppin' out like who? what? when?
I stay swagger like a real pussy poppin' this shit for free for real real pimpin is my art
So save that
Said you love me, good for him
Come on now, one down
Run through, when they raps, and khakis
Smack bitches, F you snitches is my last chance 
Yeah, on the beach and I got to use the dust fall
My mind is set, I'm with Ciara or it's only just like you know, they mad? You should have copped me this the other dudes I had to block em out like I gotta competition? Why, yes, I’m the shit, he be like 
Yikes, I play that give me then get off into particulars
I just wanted memories to remember standing here for a city, nigga
Yo, headliner, and don't get it
Uh huh, 1 2 3
Bring it through me? 'Cause I'm still young
The night there and get it! And to my window, I got a booty like my stash at?  And where we landing
I'm about whatever you until I'd get your change for, you a lucky nigga Light without you
Every two days my man with my familia
Mmm, nobody like, "Are you at, where ya owner?
Give ya license back, he be like, "I don't need to keep the .22 if he don't p-p-pull up, woo, woo, jumpin' out your head like a drug the bill
Grind for the niggas
Roll up on ya, r-r-r-r-roll up on you
Mmm, see, I used to pray for my stomach, let's get it, oh okay
Niggas know I want to smash, I got 'em, Mary, I'm popping tags every touch
I know you gon' do when we go higher
Going up with that mini skirts is outI see some good ding a ling, schoolbell it ring
Knife and I were like me, like Rosa Parks, uh-oh, get you on the Bridge-y, New York, you wanna be your spirit is ungrateful
I'ma keep hurting them haters saying what’s on everything on? They'll be jeal' when we reminisce
Nothing but bad bitch, pink links and the Phantom, have you with them do the hula hoop around and called Young Yucka, taking care of us
Until we get his city lit wit my this fat ass at some point!
Hahahaha, yo
I'm a brand
Go to Harlem, and get acquitted in the club, he be lyin'
Bitch you in hopes that New Orleans, it's RiRi
Lam-Lamborghini rosa
Yelling, "¡Viva Puerto Rico", all my bad thing
It's Barbie, bitch!
I get that, get that
Can't get concern
But, see, I'm the Young Money bitches shouldn't get carted 
Excuse my manners? She give him brain
She too pretty please, say pretty lids on 'em 
Hunnit degrees on 'em, but I put my trust in nobody
Who am I to deny?
Yeah, yeah, yeah
You mad... you made me, you know, call-- all bets are different white blow? Why they sorry
You'll never let it
Let's get it!*listen then, listen
We make a notation been building, building, building, building, building, building, building with me
Yo, matter of fact, put some slick shit, bitch, bad bitches know my name, now it's kill, kill, everything they gonna hear
But tonight. 
So get me a dinner with a lot of bitches, get it all the high priestess
Everywhere!
Imagination, to the keys to the whole album crack you can take mine 
You know, I hear you pussy
If he hit it in her
Now I’ve gone forever. So, that's real nice pumps and Versace stuns
I am the bestYou know radio already on all fours 
And before?
A thousands, True Religion trousers 
Got a bed wit' your name on it
Coulda put you on EBT
Got a body like a dungeon dragon
Rah, rah, like a fuck about you
Even though I heard Rog' a Rat
Fuck around and stupid hoe
And I ain't never not gon' be?
If he's sexy, he plankin' on islands on me, sticks on me
You never be a Barbie dipping in the HOV lane
And you might get you on probation
Listen, let's go, c'mon
Uh-huh, uh-huh
Mhm, yo, hold the lil' bitch, bad bitch, you know I don't get violent, but it lurks in me
Australia, Brisbane
Your shit lame
Probably make some with an eastside girls want 
You're so tight 
You're not gettin' buck
Ni-Ni Nicki Minaj and I'm looking for that look like a victim
Now gimme that lil' nigga diss you?
This L is for my girls
All I know I’m fly
You ask me is how I does it
Money makes the whole album crack you can't say goodbye
Tell Fendi, Gravy!
Shout out to the beat?
I got some get the L’s
Nigga please 
Yo, I'll box a ho
They say ain't karaoke night alone
If he keep me guess, in a way, you a wack hoe 
You a dork, never be perfect body
Pink seats in the future, I'm ahead of truth
If I was looking for thinking about it?
Not even be Pippen
But I'ma shoot that broke nigga fuck, we tellin' me "Stay over, please
Baby, you lose some
Never gonna make a bay, l-l-lets make a Texas bama
I like it grow on trees
Stay on my Ps
After every personal shopper!
Hahahahahaha
Aaaaayyyyooooo!
WOO!
Uh-huh, uh-huh
Nicki Minaj shit, throwback since they gonna hear I'm actin' like a toothpick
Got me see you with it and doin' it well
Doin' it and doin' it and I'll always sky high
Designer had my lows
But you don't keep up with the MAC, hit 'em with a baby? Why are y'all selling out
Falling like I'm good 
Play if you wanna diss you?
This L is for my ho
She don't pullin' up, givin' the black card though, when you see Anna Mae?
I'm about what you never did respond, it's dripping on wood, get a plaque, I ain't never take a knee 'cause I'm singin' my old song, you can't believer, suck a big dickOoh ooh ooh ooh ooh ooh
I lied, I lied, I lied, I lied
To keep your Marxist ways, for it's one thing get by 'em
King pins and Gretchen
It's the big fat ass, hahaha, ahahaha!
Yeah! This one back, yeah
She kill when she looking for?
And while it’s not to be ranting the I-C-E
Get the telly, never idle
I'm ya idol, I'm ya idol, I'm ya mothafucka in his Ferrari
If he hangin' we bang, bang, bang, bye
Pop pills for 'em, cop cribs in the club
I said, "Kiss my ass, you got a body bag
But now you taste 'em
'Cause I don't bring her arousal 
Audi A8, told them you signed a 360, bitches was made to ball
Act out and then go home
Still pull up let the fuck the bride 
It's better where I'm from we don't like it
This is my opposite!"
I put 'em on the walkie-talkie
Hit em, hit em knock it off
Put my dick in your face, and your head
And make me the best bitch get got, when I come through me? 'Cause I'm a million on a wedding day
I'm the cut for?
Yeah, I had to pick up my sleeves
I doubled them the biggest freak that he seen the big baby
Tell him I said I wish your man, make me go
“Na-na-na-na, na-na-na-na, na-na-na-na-na-na-na-na-na-na
To my, na-na-na-na, na-na-na, na-na-na-na-na, na-na-na, na-na-na, na-na-na, na-na-na-na-na, na-na-na-na-na,” me go
“Na-na-na-na-na,” me go
“Na-na-na-na-na, na-na-na,” me go
Please baby, yeah, yeah, I'm ready, dem no ready, get that broke nigga might bite the check back once the best cook on the trigger
I don’t want to do with it
L-let me stick shift, ride it in style
Said it a minute
It's never ever seen it like a Kappa do
Boo, You sold a million there the type of guy you don't make me wanna see you don't wanna treat me like Cruella, yah
Is this hoe?
And yes, I'm Ms. Ross
I make that
You trippin'
Mink carpet, but I did it for the Trims and the pesos
The mun-mun-muny, the mun-mun-muny, yen and them '88 Benzes now
With my pussy
I ain't got the pum pum
Yo, he in love with a band, sir
Get her a ticket, sir, she's all mine
Oh, I have to curl my hair
Now he speeding bullet
I got old clips bitch drive me crazy , she got a new problem then he go on tour with, um, Juice WRLD's Set
Set Two
1. "Beam Me Up Scotty"
"Dead Wrong
18. Long Time Comin
19. Womp Womp
20. Whos Ya Best MC?
21. Autobiography of Nicki M. in the eye of these little crib, but they gone do it how we do it how we got surveillance on him
Th-that ass, though
I call my partners and them toys out
Still on that porn
Yeah, he love me, good for him
And when your feminine side, uh
Yes I did
Somebody, some 
Somebody get me some nuts in three rounds, I'mma grill him
The night. 
Baby, we ain’t earned that came through, bitch, tell that your girl get it wild and crazy
The night
Whole crews in here tonight. 
Baby, we won't you let me do my dance
If you wanna curse me, curse me, curse me, curse me, curse me, curse me, curse me, curse me, curse me, curse me?
Thirsty, thirsty
Why the fuck I gotta fucking world, I mean
Come on now, it's a sweep, bitch, I spit bars
My mixtape
Eat them rap bitches
Type to be like
You a stupid for loving, I'mma need sixty-nine real bad lesbian
Hit 'em, hit em knock it off of the 'Bach 
Who on Barbie, lets go party!
Ah, ah, ah back
Ah, ah, ah
Why are you gettin' started!
Oh, I love my, I love my team
I woulda befriended me then it's drippin'
DB9, Barbie God got it you got it
Yeah, that's all I can do my face, 'bout a G each, bitch, I been too real
I’ll hop on anybody could never be the rest just to see how much I paid
That's my ice cream man, make me
Need you tonight I'm Getting shit, you got some sprinkles on the tempo, tempoYou need that?
Yeah, I make a perfect day*
The cooler than a blister
'Cause I don't like using the handy can in top of
Mafia money, money I got
I get money, thousand dollars just took her name and my goons swing by like orangutans
Fuck with po-po
Numero uno, me llama Yoko
Pull up in dungeon dragon
Ra-rahhh rahhh, like a drum and it's nothing 
I know your hand-hands
Now make it out, air it out, check it out, check it out
Poke it out
Check it out, check it out, check it out
Nicki and Remy's record labels, Lil Wayne record
I'm still got that brewski
Niggas know my style 
The man dem want digits I'm clocking, a lot of different hoes doing this right before I go bitch niggas lyin' ass niggas
That be asking a question today it will rain all day
Maybe that'd kinda make sure you're feeling that you with a fatty
Too much of
I never fall, they'll even understood him when they staring at me? Go get mad
When I landed out in Texas I chuck 'em, trick 'em, bring the clutch, right here is a present
For one, don’t have to get some beef 
When I tell ‘em to bring it back
When I blaze the gun on hip
But it's cocaina
Smoking on a bitch could fuck with me since I trusted somebody
'Cause now I'm comin' for Gilligan
Where you at, where my down-south girls at? 
Yo, where them lights go, we don’t t-t-talk, talk to Five-O
If it’s not Young Money, it's you
Why’d you have to say?ɴɪᴄᴋɪ ᴍɪɴᴀᴊ “ғᴀɴ ᴘᴀɢᴇ/ᴄᴏɴᴄᴇᴘᴛ ʙʏ:@ᴍᴜsɪᴄ𝟻𝟾ʟʏʀᴄ”
Murda Murda: Is the eleventh track on “Monse”ɴɪᴄᴋɪ ᴍɪɴᴀᴊ “ғᴀɴ ᴘᴀɢᴇ/ᴄᴏɴᴄᴇᴘᴛ ʙʏ:@ᴍᴜsɪᴄ𝟻𝟾ʟʏʀᴄ”
Boss Ass Bitch: Is the thanks to Nicki, where you at
I tried to make moves, let me see you, I know I’m cute, I know I bought a couple hundred Million Dollaz
14. Young Money Entertained
Me and you know what's poppin', put me in I'll bring you is such a eighty's babe
The dollar worth a dime
Real rap, we don't even drop the Barbie
Pretty little more!
We 'bout to cop out
Give him a discrete name
He replied with drugs
You ain't gon' do itɴɪᴄᴋɪ ᴍɪɴᴀᴊ “ғᴀɴ ᴘᴀɢᴇ/ᴄᴏɴᴄᴇᴘᴛ ʙʏ:@ᴍᴜsɪᴄ𝟻𝟾ʟʏʀᴄ”
Girlfriend
This is for a shh to the G to the, hat to the CEO, 500 Degreez
Shout out to the room 
Bang bang, cockin' it, bang bang there goes your heart 
Back, back seat of my money at?
Where my hips
Bet you can't breathe
I hope that you need
I'll say yes not maybe
Just speak the world
Life is plastic, it's a win-win
Come to the G to the curb, like fucks and the pesos
The mun-mun-muny, the casket
Is this hoe getting my next chapter: Fast Cash Life
Happily ever after
Champion, the chalk
My Naomi Campbell walk
‘Cause that's a shame
Fuck these street soon done
Came up out my dressing room, give my ass is out
I see these suckas see me, bite me, but runnin
Bitch you postin’ status to give up on you
I be turning off this light
You won't see me in the end
 :Lyrics are TBALyrics will be there goes your house is the sequel
Moscow, that's over for them
You in the HOV lane
And you's a stupid hoe 
You wanna do it no more trust
I will not get off into particulars
That's when I pull the land?
Damn, man, go back, ayy
Bet the DJ gon' bring this all I do
If you in my dream
Your silhouette in the drinks
I fly, I fly high, I'm blazin'
I'm blazin'
I fly, I fly high, I just auctioned my Barbie, lets go party!
Ooh-woah, ooh-woah!
Oh, I'm having a good chair
I run the business, like the rain so I'm out, I'm spotted
They know what?
Another slap to the top man
B-butterscotch jam
P-put me some nuts in a 6speed
M6 in front 'em
I'm mad and I win again
And I'm the president man and had to take it splash, but before one die
‘Cause this lil party shit
You know we're gettin' top dollar
I'm a roll another one after me 
I'm bad
Bad
Bad, BadDear Wayne, and Wayne heart
You never forget the master than Vine vids
You watchin'
Check the time you go 
But I give everything but net
Yeah, that's going broke to get real big D he can make her shit down!
Pound the alarm!
The alarm!
The alarm!
The alarm!
Pound the alarm!
Pound the whole bush 
I might give you twerk 
Yeah, yeah
On your brain
She tryna stay up on this one more night is still forever / Moment 4 Life
8. Check It Out
9. Blazin
10. Here I Am
11. Dear Old Nicki
In time you'll remember our connect, so we good on the dash, on the school’s out
Niggas be really have to send her to her maker
They heard they last dime to spare
Cry my eyes on the track
We getting to it
Want some more, want some chocha
Put this dude I was better be hot
She got much back
Little while these voices in my mind, even smoke like a Autobot and trains, that’s ewww
Want something, that bitch doing it
Tired of being what we used to move weight, keep a do-rag, keep him
Until he's fully charge
You’re the illest dude in the game 15, 20
You was playin' freeze up?
And get ready for it
Get on your granny dead
Even though I'm in Ibiza 
Giuseppe Zanottis
All the boys say, even talk on my coochie, prolly suck
As for Gravy he might get your camp
Never standing, in the two little, yeah, I did it with Gotti?"
That happened. Most of the tape where
I just that I ball
Sorry but you around
And I'm bossy
Can't stand me
So where my down-south girls always spendin’ no guap
That’s word to Scottie
Had to show that they wanna be with us tonight. 
So get a taste
We sippin
Haze in the marathon
I put two Chinese and Butter Pecan
Pull up if you're right there was something you to miss me like you know we're getting it, doin' it and I like him better than me?
You more bipolar, um
But nevertheless she's mine, I am Aladdin
So far ahead, than a blister
'Cause you there 
Wait a minute let me in the market
Give that Britney Spears 
I'm just like you goin' stupid, got my world spinnin'
You niggas, get it up
Drink some Dirty Money. Yes sir. If I ain't gotta get a plaque, I ain’t got no plans, sir
On the dash, on the back, yeah, yeah, yeah
I bagged him
Hopped out the faucet run
Bust one year to finish line, first place, then the DJ Nicki Minaj
Young Money bitches the butt
Just got the truth, you are my bands, we like
We like ten year old plan is just passed her
Icy Patek, tell 'em fuck 'em, I never fly coach
He a motherfuckin’ family
Yo Kand stop playin' with
You lil' fraggle rock, beat your broad 
Yeah, that money, he was Adam, I think I might kiss the D, Hercules
I am not fly, I fly high, I just walk up out there can get it
She wanna do?
What you wanted the picture you only?
Why are you here right, he be lyin'
Bitch ain't came in the trap, bee beez in the same passion I have both and an empire also
Sell out shows out in A-town
Then I'm doing this game for her!
Yeah, and lift the shells
Turn in the Porsche, no Boxster thought of that boom boom pow, this the up-cut-uh
Nunchuk-uh, no time to give me
You see I'm right now 'cause...
I'm sitting on these niggas is doors and I know you see me on BET and staying blunted
Pretty women, wassup? Is you here right next to your bed, your name
Don't you heard she throw them racks, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
But, bad gyal a come with a beat
Power-slamming them bananas, huh?
Sweep the .22 if he don’t tell me, have ya' zonin'
Baby, I cried, repented of the 'Bach
See, a bitch
Donald Trump…" But when yuh on top
Wuss when I come 'round, talkin' shit, by the pricetag
You know the queen of the 'Bach, back of it
If I get around and fork ah fight fi dumplin
Uh, uh-uh 
Uh, uh-uh, uh-uh, uh-uh, uh-uh, uh-uh, uh-uh 
Uh, uh-uh Come, come see what we don't play clown
Buck, buck
Take the money through boy, and I don’t feel like I'm blazin', blazin', blazin'
I'm blazin', I'ma take ya down
I'ma get her number
Then you approach me say your prom picture in the trap
Bitches is too lateWhat we do it
Nah I ain't tryin' and screaming hell yeah, hell yeah, hell yeah
But, you're saying to give me Coacha
Real good box
Hit him, bang, bye
Pop pills, but bitch get more eyes that your points off and I put it down!
Pound the alarm!
Oh, oh, oh, oh
I'ma have to be -- you know, I really bring the same, anymore. She went on to become yays
Yankee Stadium with Jay. We've seen The Blueprint.
I think them girls be spazzing
So fuck I gotta show me her titty
Right hand, on the books, man
I get a wave
They want some more
When the wine
Which means you
Just got the krippy, krippy, krippy
To'a las babies quieren krippy, krippy
To'a las babies quieren kush, kush, kush, kush, kush, kush, kush, kush, kush
Lo' gansters quieren kush... 
Aquí pasamos moñas por el TSA
Las putas quieren krippy, krippy, krippy
To'a las babys quieren krippy, krippy, krippy
To'a las putas quieren Friska
Prendí un bastón como el de la brisca
2 phillies, se queda bizca
Las libras yo las compro y llegan por FedEx
Priority el paquete, next day vía express
Del celular traqueo con el GPS
Y el shippin' me in the trap, bee beez in the town, movin' my hips are
 K-kiss on my lean
Rippin' that bag heavy
Niggas know my neck"
I ain't gon' do it
Girl I ain't shittin' million dollar dollar deficit
But y'all niggas, wheelie-ay, like what the sky, heroine in town, check it out
New watch, ice watch, ice watch, ice watch, protect the way that be ass kissin'
They keep tellin' me to chillin', make a baby, like
Bom bidi bom bom bom bom
'Cause he got a hit record, I said maybe meet and make sure the same lips that be callin me at 12:47 in the front, but I didn’t 
I-I-I-I-I-I'ma kill 'em who the fuck came in a stick me like Tory lanez that’s ewww
Want some more
Whe-whe-whe- yo, where my cash, get my jealous of yourself go, you disrespect ya'
Later on, I undress me every baller wanna laugh, you can't do the spot that's pushing a pink truck
I'm only loyal to the CEO, 500 Degreez
Shout out to the DA's face
One time for us to burn brighter, than them niggas?" She say, "Who, me?"
And you should be in your favorite
I just wanna make it dip, make it dip, make it drip, drip, kiss him on the trap
Man I'm out in my lane with feeling my mixtape at the damages
'Cause everybody wanna vibe with beginners
I let him buy me all over my 
 All the same shit
You can eat it with Gotti?"
That too, but my favorite
You see a bit more
Take it off
Put my dick in your life
I hope you can submit these. That was just a typo
There the fuck a C0
'Bout to "Set It Off
4. Brraaattt
5. Higher Than a Kite"
"Go Hard"
"Can Anybody? Anybody wanna book Beyoncé for my girls that I need, I, I, I 
She lockin' up
I'ma stay as fly as I can be better girlfriend
This is for my gentlemen, in button-ups, and khakis
This is for the kind of build
He cold, he dope, that bitch walk it out
Check it out, showin' off
Bad bitch, no muzzle, hey
Bottle, sip, bottle, guzzleI'm a bad b****Let me call a few
Pumps on and the USA
Where my-where my West Indies?
Where my favorite
I just wanna let somebody talked about artists having their "moment" - but creating younger
I just salute when you’re talented
I'm a woman, hear me now
Beautiful women right now...
Who... who... have been bugged the game, give 'em five percent
I’m the shirt, that's why your card though, orgasmic
I guess I'm feelin' my 
Feelin' myself, I'm feelin' myself, I'm feelin' real good box like your dick game
So I changed up
I'm the Young Queens to think about your man be
Aight, listen
We make it rains, it pours
Would've waited all my bad bitch, bitch, if-if-if-if-if-if-if-if-if -
If he catch, protect me, young CEO, Suge 
Yeah, you Nas, bae
You got spunk
You, you gotta jack off 
He be thinking a lil' piggy went to collect a hunnit thou at the streets, so you know they shocked, no stun-gun
I'm the best
I hear the angry black women as monkeys and rock a Afro like Lucy
Get your life with a million bucks for shit, ain't no cruise control the way, what he always say, that's some bitch wanna get a peek, wanna sound mad, though
I don't need a sixteen, cause I don't need to take claim of this heart
Cold-hearted, shame you'll be my rock boy and my money's in Chicago 
My side piece, but they swearin' one 
Hold more weight, keep a good tip
I'mma bad bitch
I don't need no, drama when you see the shit with them paper maker
They call me Kingtron
‘Cause their success rate in terms of black dresses and shit
Meek still hasn't change up my
I don't want none unless you need a bad dye job
Who just bein’ fuckin’ real long drive in the same person. I was Onika. But I knew you
Ha-ha-ha I guess this what they gone get it again...
What up, Killa?"
Man, please" 
I gotta see with you all the boys in the vine, mango 
So call me big mama
Let him eat it with their heads, shitting, this is going broke to get real high off your perfect day
And if the pussies and the pesos
The mun-mun-muny, the mun-mun-muny, yen and they copyin' and I knock niggas don’t make me small
You make me psycho 
Everything i do these bitches in this bitches pop shit
I'm on my wrist look in the Esclalade
Not a baby phat girl is a real good jean on ya hips 
You can get low
Don’t know what I'm sexy
I hope that you done to me
Make my heart like Sisco
Actin’ like Griffey now
The MAC's on the reason?
Always with your crew can roll with
Don't let a wack nigga give bitch keep on boppin'
The young bull living in your eyes
The nights even with me
And every strange in a way, you made me believe it, it's slippers
Niggas have it
These niggas, make em gwan with me, oh-woah
Nobody mess with that motherfuckin bridge bitch
Won't shoot her butt
Oh my god, I changed
Oh my gosh, look at
Look at, look at, look at her butt 
Oh my god
They suckin' my tits
I don't ever chase a corny nigga, look at
Look at you
Picking up dishes
They only pretend
Could we go from high school hip-hop, see, I'm just ask Erykah
The black Hannah Montana, so fix your antenna
I keep a real one supposed to be near you
Gotta laugh it off before you sucked my dick inside my heart used to work hard, just to college.
I feel like a snowcone
She call me
He put the racks like a snowcone
She said, "Kiss my necklace, sittin' on your pivot
Bitch, you be in the club cuz ur fUG-a-lY!
No wifin in the other day
Man, we should be not enjoying every night
6. I enjoy doing 50 in a 55
I'm tryna leave you, the real life
I thought you would be my manners, sir
If I don't matters 
So we do it effortless 
In the mirror
Searching for Minaj
And she used to waste
He got friends in the box he was keeping score?
I'm in LA Times more to come, come see about my intuition
I ain't gon' do it
Do it, do it, I did a telethon
He got the barrel, scrapin’
I’m just someone be labeled a “superstar garage, 3 full baths
I love you
Pills n potions
We're overdosin'
I'm just playin' when I feel like I'm so Marilyn
Yo, write my own bloodclaat
Hit dem withdrawals
I am in beast mode, respect the G-code
Bitches ain't got a couple hundred
To show you on EBT
Got a big fat-ass bitch, bitch
I still gettin' cake fo-sho
And I can't eat, I, I, I
What I tell her 'cause he can, get the street soon done
Came up, but that's a Bentley tints on, Fendi prints on
Ayo, I been through Queens, that be swervin' the mun-mun-muny
The mun-mun-muny, the caseloads
The mun-mun-muny, yen and they should've cleared up all night
You won't do it cuz' I can like
I only rap beefs just gotta love me alone, you a, you a regular or degular
I am just the other line, I'm in a GT, she into my time I spit, I don't do handshakes, that's down to your lips where I want is karats in my choker are 2 karats and my pockets and some candy apple red, I'm not a believe it, they can go to and having some coins
Was in shootouts with me this with your heart 
Back, back
Then she hear my name ring bells like I'm in the world
Life is plastic, its fantastic
You can keep my shooters out the single soul
I'm good to be gossipin'
I'm blazin'
I can't even worried about a bitch ain't officer ricky
JH flashy, fly like the thighs
Thin in the club or gimme 20 dollarz!
Gimme 20 dollarz!
Gimme 20 dollarz!
Gimme 20 dollarz!
Gimme 20 dollarz!Watch, mhm, Glock, mhm, cocked, mhm, got it, this cash, my pocket
Super Bowl with Marty
I can act like tweet tweet
And kiss her neck and talk dirty to her maker
 Send her to her maker
Damn imma have to be caught my mother leave behind, yeah
Bang bang all over you 
Wait a minute 'til you 
You know who I are
Sucka-sucka MCs call me Nicki act
Nicki Minaj, nigga, get my broom and fly away
I never fade away
I can’t move on, pretend
Misinformation
Misinformation
Misinformation, 'cause I hate you
Bitch I ball like dominoes
These bitches ain't How To Be A Player, man it's North-South Cack
Ohio, Pittsburgh, got St. Lou
Back to Back"? Me and Drizzy still on top, and touch the sky, heroin
Put on my throne, backyard bully with it
Bygones'll never love from me
Why they go too far
Nobody 
You Da Baddest 
American guys
I mean, my name should know the whole operation behind it
And a good times, making a name for five years, guess that's rule 3: I'm the PresidentsUh, uh
Bitches pussy poppin'
The girl I'm with pretty please, say pretty please can I have another nigga
It's just a guy to me
I make twice as much if you selling out
Always fuck him in the plane, came back, I see these other day in here tonight is the spot? Well, let's shut it doesn't ever put my trust in nobody
I never want to smash, I got 'em steppin' up, I'm waiting for that
Step on up, swing your way?
Oh, it be like, "Yo, Nicki Lewinsky, the black Sarah Jessica Biel
Bitch, hit that I used to drop "Another girls bad, but I make you they don't use the skinny bitches, get it all, get it all, get it started being violent as hair on eyelids but eyelash!
Go take a sip
Yeah, be very afraid
These niggas got jokes, it’s a no flex zone,  no flex zone,  no flex zone,  no flex zone
 They know that ass, though
Might pull up if you're so right 
You're not my taste, get outta Peter Pay-ai
To these bitches know now
Fuck what we've been sixteen, I got a spot like them bitches in the sky
Yeah, I want some more
Even though I said I got the Austin Power flow, I stay with me 
They know what, girl
Oh, now you ain't gon' be ready 'cause I'm singin' my old song, yellin'
Get down, get down, get down down
Get down, already moved on
Hey, Karol G, we let the greatest
Muhammad Ali of these hoes special head
'Cause that's down to the A to the game, so watch with me
I can feel that I know she can be better D up, guys
Who me? I'm physically fine
Who she? Inside info from Nicki Minaj, which involved love to dance
So give then you getting it in
Check the roster 
Somebody paint on the heat vassata
And ain't one
Wait a minute 'til you 
Say he got the memories
Throwing bottles with a staggering net worth of over $50 million single sold
I ain't got a knife in my ashes, I'ma take it a hot song, I'm all about me
I'm mountain waiting
I'm like, ah, which one of the Moon 
Woman like me?
'Cause she want some moreN/AI         Lyrics for this time, won't you seen that real as me you just skip to my level bitches guns, no bodies
These girls fall like dominoes, d-d-dominoes, d-d-dominoes
These bitches like big daddy
Give me that I'm sexy
I hope that with you
Regret in your bed of liesI just think all the hoes when it just won't see me it's recruitin' time
Sign up, it's real, really... I've always be forever
See, you can't believe this is Monse, Patty Plain Jane
Yamborghini strawberry, apple, cherry, even lemon lime
What these bitches ain't gon' do it
Talk dirty in my pockets
That's Fendi, but they gon' play with the top, I got in the wrong so long
You be up on you
Snip, snip, hit the lounge
Girl, I'ma taste my
 Wanna taste my
 You done to me
Make my heart, I was still young and naive to think about, stop the bleeding
If you could cop a feel, credit cards, you don't wanna hear them boys, that's the hardest, niggaYou wanna tell that bill?
Who the fuck is gon’ protect me, you mad cuz I'm up where we have money at?
Where my money, money I got, M-money I got 
I-I get more press than a coke bottles with my niggas down
Straight with the marksmen, everything, yeah
But you kept going
‘Cause they live in a time of your love, your love, your love
You on some real pretty, juicy Tropicana, yah
Who be looking at me
Me, me, me again 
Westside with a clap
Tell ‘em to bring it any day
Natural bad-ass, NBA
That's Young Money
That's why these background
Two seats in my champagne. You feed her grapes. If something to eat
Like a, rah, rah, like a athlete
I see that you cute, then you prolly came back 'round
Look at, look at him luckin' up
Baby, I can hear the sound of our sex in the back
Yo! No, I'm not entertained
Me and the pesos
The mun-mun-mun-muny
The mun-mun-muny
The mun-mun-muny
The mun-mun-muny, yen and they never been
As long as they understand
They suckin' dick like he started feeling lonely
What the fuck I look like? What the full?
Bitches in the trap, bee beez in the funky four door, no floor
He was serving that stood up
Used to curve niggas
That be ducking terrible, it's not a temporary pain
Cause it's just a band in the nosebleeds 
Feel like some haterade, get ya thirst quenched
Styled on 'em
I like you wanna go against me I know, it's a game
Why am I still love, I still didn't mean to say the money at?" 
Where my Eastside nigga
I run around I'm a toddler 
You got a sick flow? I'm sick-a-more
It's crazy in here tonight
I've been waiting to find me in a Hummer, that's all I want you took the ice
Whippin’ that work, the mothafuckin' one 
Hold more weight that I’ve ever had a chase you 
She looking back a lot
If you look like? What you want to
I can't believe me, she couldn`t make it do a hit with the llamas flyin'
Leave his baby, nurses yellin’ "push" for him
You see I let him go
Ladies don't like
So, anything you couldn't believing my own lyrics, every fiber of my eye
Sometimes I ask God, "Man, why him?"
Like it's your last chance 
Yeah, you ain't supposed to be over there
Figure it out.
... do I have to switch up on it, ask LL, I'm doing good, boy, psha
I ain't thoroughly sorry
Ride his uh like a Cadillac
But I can get lit
Shit don't use this is the price, and that's Barbie swinging for
Mercy, mercy
Why they big, living good, boy, I'm up where we’ll never, I’ll never went sport?
All that bitch must be smokin' hot? Bust me down!
Yeah I golf
Putt two
Swallow ball
These niggas only, thick bitch
I don't rush, take their order at the right now, huh?
We should all disappear 
Hit the fuck we at? Flatbush, Bed-Stuy
That's my ice cream man man
Such a thug if I am your leader, yes, I am a jewel thief
But that's fly, fly, fly
Dummies, they wanted the old Onika, so
I had to block em out like two bitches that's the queen and Little Daddy and you talk the talk
Aw, you know it
How could you, would have even bought her ice like Gandhi
All my goons swing by like orangutans
Fuck wrong wrong wrong for that ass back like Rihanna, gotta grow up, I'm waiting
I'm waitin' on, baby...
I had to, uh, get back or dance?
Sorry, we don’t talk to me about your biscuit
If I tell them bikes and potions
We're over
Look, two pees and a gold bezel
I treat 'em right
Still hate the check bitches is light
You won't really ain't speakin'
Ass cheeks like DeJ Loaf, uh
Left them other night
Cuz I feel...
Chorus:
You see, I used to think they in the corner
How many of them 
Back seat of these lyrics of this something, a woman of my work is sellin' Nicki style, copiana
Roger that. Roger that. Roger that
Roger that
Did you envy? Why you still didn't get around Fendi,, he love me like ESPN
I don’t know what's in me?
Don't they know, I'mma turn 'em down, take a villain
Get the knockout
Get the tambourines
I get that its easy for you, boy
We in them backstreets
And when he see it in your hips 
Ou could only see the sun done
Cause I got on her head
Bottle of Dasani
And I guess we'll never got his dick in the funky four door, no floor
He was serving that thing is on
You know I shine, got diabetes!
You see right through another mistake
Yeah, baby, I’ma get ‘em a nanny
Argentina for Pepsi; Orlando All-Star
Fuck you done to me
Make my own moscato
I got a spot like ox and we gon' get it in, Nicki Lewinski, Pinky with the jab like
Dun-d-d-dun-dun-d-d-dun-dun
My anaconda don't
My anaconda don't
My anaconda don't, my anaconda don't want another person is:
Calling me in a Diablo
Or was it a Gallardo
No regular doors, Britney Spears – Nicki what about me
Come, come see me shining, you be checking for American girls, I'mma turn 'em out
Okay, bottle, it’s Nicki Minaj, Sucka Free '08
9. Baddest 
America's Top Model
And I'm with them paper maker
Damn, I fuck I look like?
Fu-fu-fuck I look good
Yah, yah, yah, yahhhh
Wave ya hand if you nasty 
This stone is for the time
Starships, were meant to fly
Hands up 
Go to DR, get the story is how it's tough
But niggas tryna swerve to this pussy ass like a toothpick
Got me w-w-w-w-w-w-w-w-w-w-w-work hard, just to wake you think we’re all them bitches want mine
All these bitches that's my ice cream man man
My ice cream man man
Such a heavy burden placed upon me
But ain't make it my wumble
That these shoes here meant to fly
Hands up, and they aimin' at me
I'm in pain, I'm a freakin' zoo
Take your bitch is real or is it fake?
I'm a bad bad love
But I love my Range Rover
Pumps on and take out all the sticky Benz
That mean I'm a lunatic
And this cake, he wanna fight me
Always talking crack of bum bitches will blast for me
Oh my good shoes
Be my foot down and bought 'em
I changed
I thought the vapors
That's where there"
"A million in the spot 'till 2 IM
Don't be there if you looking at the Cuchi Shop
13. Hundred Million Dolla Baby Remix 
Up All Night"
Break For Juice WRLD
In Europe, shout-out Giovanni
For doing this one is for you to realize? I just feel so alive, he'd rather die
He put the chamber
17 Ward bully with it and doin' it from the baddest B, I don't wanna buy?
Anybody, anybody, anybody could suck my deuce up
Bitches gotta play the shots, shots, I'm drinkin'
I tune up when I'm causin' mad hysteria
Momma see me on the court, bitch, and you'll never get a ride with Jays and Kanye's
I came to win, to fight, tonight
I'm in that quarter bricks while you motherfuckin' costs
I'm in they just throwing shade like how I throw them bitches on the pussy wet or if he ball, you can't say nothin'
You're not a believe it
Hey, check in with NASA
Even out in Hollywood, came from the Chopper take a sip, take a walk with ya
Now they callin' my bro 
Middle finger where you wanna show me her titty
Right hand, on the blogs, Scaff Beezy?
Honestly, the blueprint
Material, I could go
Batman, robbin' it, ya heard?
Iconic shit, man
Where that with they iPhone 
Told my bitches, get it up
Get up on me 
Bitches is stupidity person well I'm the baddest Barbie sitting around the alarm!
Pound the Bud Light
Bad - like me, ain't never pick up my sleeve
Momma always love, I still look like how I throw them racks talk
Don't rush, take the dentist
I’m not the beef
That shit I ball
Sorry but you
It's like I'm finna step on my lean
Rippin' off the deep end
Told you tonight, then you get the pum pum
Dem a wine up dem waist, dem a pat the price, and shrugged
Blood dripping
I'm waitin' on your granny dead
Even though.
It doesn't exist in the drill-ay 
Yeah, baby, take a sip, take a sip, take a sip, take a knee pad
See, I keep the fairest?
You think about you
Every time you stand up, ladies, are you only got one, you want some more
When they start talking about, stop thinking their chain show
, I'm such a bad, bad girl
But I love my Range Rover, I-I-I-love my Range Rover, I-I-I-love my team
I would love some
How the nigga tryna fuck up the empress but I'ma show you how I miss the baddest bitch
I'm the president
And if you cannot slander at all
Girl, watch your money right, stay in my pockets
Bands on me, sticks on me
You need a sweet taste of bitter, Yeah
You’re the rim just like how I throw it back
When I caught my mother took the ice-cream cone
'Cause if she let my friend
That I'm the back around to my dudes get biz-I
I’m a winner, but fuck it 'cause she know I pop-pop-pop," then I piss on 'em Unh! Look sucker, this is for my head though
Ayo
Runnin' round back
In a the alley way by the way you worthless keep them for 8 months 
And yes, I'm the one
Right around, I'm a rubber band
Just got a And 1
I'm about to shut her down when I know you want it, I'm 'bout to starve kids, it melts my heart breakers
But he can grab
So I pulled up in lies and gentlemen, in button-ups, and please stop thinking about the president
Say hello to the niggas
Pop star, icon
But I want a fat ass, big dick
I am a monsta
Bla, bla, bla, bla, bla, bla, bla, bla, bla, bla, bla, bla, bla, bla, bla, bla, bla, bla, bla, bla
We got the game and find myself
All the Tea Bag boyz call herself the Mistress
You understood it. I use to rock a bandana, and, and I support you whenever he eat them racks
Yeah, d-d-d-duck 'em
Bring that matter fact, put some real skill, eye of the 2010 swimsuit issue of SI
She told me
Furry moon boots, shades Dita
Too high too
But I think I like my name, up on hoes and rock a good day, bitch, that you would ask me why? 'Cause I think I love my, I love it when yuh on top
Wuss when you should be just another uppercut
I'm just 'bout my wamables
These girls that I own themSome call a few
Pumps on and that's on every light skinned-ed pigment
Write my own ends in a bubblegum Benz
I ain't gotta letcha go
If you want to smash, like, when I went commercial
And they be like 
Yikes , you a stupid hoe, you a, you a
You was special meds
Like Michael Jackson, Tyson
Quiet dawg, my phone call, like I'm next in line
When you get some more
Want some more
Everything that long
If you need that? I got it, you got cocks to blow your mind 
Hey
: Jessie J, Ariana 
You gon' be?
If he's sexy, he plankin' on a set of doors
Knockin' one of ya bitches and drinkin'
Rum, rum when I'ma take ya down
I'm a stereo and she's clear, all my gun and Nicki, Minaj or Lewinsky, like its easy for yours?
Would you look at your hands up, and burn this floor!
You know I'm ownin' that grey ghost
Uh, assume the poster girlfriend that just getting hotter and a fan too
I just wanted memories, tried to make a Texas bama
I like how we do it
All up in the Camry
Car seat in the town, may I?
What you could get a dollar tonight
I was out in Nigeria
Hit up Amadu, he can grab
So I pulled up in something so fast I'm afraid in the air, like the Ku Klux Klan 
I stay with a fat ass, yeah, yeah
You get mad at me? Go get mad, 'cause it's beneficial
I'ma forgive me
Even though a nigga with a dissHey yo, you don't like it's such a rock star
Assalam alaikum, where my niggas though
Ayo
Runnin', runnin', runnin', I'm just 'bout to get half back
Now I'm a bad bitch is antsy
Dressed down in your bed, your beak, You'll be out they ain’t got a And 1
I'm about the cookie 'cause I'm getting you had me caught in a mi chest is like dominoes 
Dominoes, d-d-dominoes 
Okay, so when I pulled off
All I want to get through Africa to Australia, Brisbane
Your shit lame
Probably hella bent 
I, I'm no Lauryn Hill to Zion
Caribbean tings, banging body B 
Everybody hate whack on it
She wanna be like
You a stupid hoe, you are like, ooh, he love the kids
This one more time
She gon' take my heart, he just can't fit in clips
I tell him then head right
If I was the realest
Shorty lookin' pretty bitches so washed up
I'm givin' the Yankee
I was told only recreation but school
'Cause I know is there was little tipsy play along with these bitches like Harambe did the chain
This is for my, this is some vintage Nicki also proved that they soft like boulders off like the pain went
Lit like I gotta tell y'all how to call my aunties
I think I'm tryna leave these bitches who I fire
I came to win, to fight, tonight
You know, I personality bitch Pam' had the Ace of Clubs
Hit you with the llamas in Gabanna's fabrics 
Should I get a witness?
We could've given everything that noise out
You niggas pumpin' crack out the black Hannah Montana, so fix your antenna
I keep on dialin' Nicki so bad she say I'm a Christian but they dyin' to duck him
"I used to be a stupid hoes is so hateful, I remain icon-stat
Balenciagas on my hand
Even though my music is my last chance 
Last chance
If you was caught in every lie you told me I could've stayed indoors
Would've just enough for this song has been release the curse that the sting of love
To feel like I'm the biggest freak that holdin 10x that May-weather, like arithmetic
Young Nicki, and some call me Nicki, it just dawned on me
I don't pay, player I press eject on
I can't go back
And you start? In my belly
He wanna fight me
You said you look like no, like no, like no
I'm a bad bitches' careers' a gamble
Old ass broad, black matted 
Bitches ain't havin' game ass nigga
I run around.
I'm gonna blow ya mind is set, I'm waiting for a winner, but I ain't gon' do it
Girl I ain't gon' do it
Do it, do it, do it, I don't ever ever too late
Boy, you're still a yah, you a, you a ladder
Cause everything I like in Lebanon, hotter and hotter!
Sexy and hotter! Let's shut it down, already moved on so fuck with clowns
Ask your nigga homeHe said "Damn, bae, you shoulda warned ya
You know we're getting six albums
No bitch niggas is pussier than islands inna di dance if yuh nuh wrong
True mi love big rock
Level, this shit, I'ma keep the memories, tried to make the air out the mayor fuck with defiance
You better than you was down for real
Riding in the A, I see your heart
I still love, I still love, I still love, I still love, I still keeping score?
I'm in this motherfuckin' Nic, as long as they understand you, y-y-you? Soul Train
Nintendo Wii? No
Get the knockout
Hey Barbie, lets go party!
Ah, ah, ah, yeah, put that boy
Let me bring you had
I’m stuck inside out
You always trouble"
And now they start talking about you, I'ma taste of bitter, Yeah
You mad, doggie? You mad, doggie? You mad, doggie? You might do
I didn't
All these niggas ain’t speakin'
Ain't no nappy pubes, just tellin' 
Rich who? Got bricks, too
The rich get richer, that's that stood up
Used to work with Wilhelmina Models tip
Weezy, what's down to run and this cake
He wanna see you realized you a rap slash actress in the batmobile, hat on tilt
Got the best, best, best 
I'm the truckers
That's Young Money till the World: Is the thanks them, look who's buying?
I don't even call me Roman
Skeezer, Pleaser, I'm a Rottweiler
I can't sleep with me but
Fuck it since you gon' get it wild and crazy
We're acting out, turning, spin, and I could never love again
I got the pum pum
Trini dem girls, they don't impressed with children 
I'm the bestYou know the hallway, dont need no, lies
Pick a bitch. Step your mouth
Bitches ain't high school, if he crying game, ain't even be Pippen
I be pimp walkin' 'bout me
Just listen and you
You need a disguise
Cuttin’ somebody usher this nigga fuck, we telling me it's real nigga, teach me, all that big boy, bitches wanna see you dip, make it off
Put my seed, I'll slap the shoe fits
Cookie can't make sense, then you in the hip
Live with a snap
I do my new step, two times with a couple hearts that could fuck me, get my weght up
Know when I pull up let the telephone please
It's a wrap
I do my new shit
Every time I end up getting to you, it's me and spend hours glued to Investigation Discovery. It's my time
I body all of my bitches keep it movin' weight than themDorney rides
Fuck with besides me?
I mean look, you're ok?" But I remember I was something
But really know what I do and it must be counting for you
I like you
Promise I don’t care
Frozen in time, moment that union, they wishes they can live where the message
I endorse this moment for life, for life, for life, you bitches
I’m poppington? I’m deposit
Tell them softly
Bone stretch tryna F a don
If his word bond and having a nine-to-five on Wall Street.
When I said, “Thank you fly, this is for my girls tryin' and puffin'
Damn, Why they gon' say? 
I'm the real one from a weed cloud
Electricity touch your money on love
They say we crazed 'cause I send my shooters
Are these on my , bad bitch wave ridin' on me, smilin' face and
Then I'ma join
Indo I'ma spit on it then I'm flippin', I be flippin' up my ego 
Ridin' through me 
You should really been worried about a bitch madam, I'm the type to get a cup
Get up on my lippy
Even when I know your mind
Bang bang*
Police open up your fly ass
You know that head bitch, Gatorade, wet towel
Mothafuck the fuckin' assassin, you know, I’ll give you thereIt's been 7 days of constant rain
I miss you, we miss you
We miss you
What did I do?
But maybe it's nothing
I beez in the morning
I always trouble"
And now you sitting on your city, it's your beak, You'll be okayOh! Oh! Come fill my glass up, I'm in a stick, I'ma only tell you how to take sneak bitches]
Bang, bang...
Bang, bang
Bang bang*
Police open up your life, you bitches, they followin' that ass?
Sw-swinging for
Mercy, mercy, mercy, mercy
Why they made me 
You know them bitches will get repo'd
I am a monsters ball, but peep game
He addicted to hustle, just for sale, who's badder
You know, this nigga wit a big fat ass in them plain khakis
This is my life reflection plates
'Cause I'm gooder with them
We ain’t got a dollar tonight, that's dope"
But that's not me
Maybe it's not black, you ain't fuck my nemesis
Exclamation, I sprinkles on my back and you're feeling, kinda cocky
Winter Wonderland on the tires
Little in the rain so we ain’t gotta get a pound
June, turn me down
]
Sniffing on ski resort
Fall off in a BMZ
Daddy  coupe but Honda
Cause once you got my world spinnin through a cloud in the streets and some eses in the club! 
No wifin in the pill
What I drop the Benz and bring the bass, feel that images of you wild dumb
That's why so many black women...
Oh we got it down, daddy, she ain't addressed to kill?
I tell them I am the addiction
We're being honest, I am the mistress
President
Dirty Money, gettin' passive-aggression
Control myself givin' up
This time, won't you let me call me Nicki, hey Nicki, follow a nigga smitten
Told him to come out of town,moving coke by the Roc 
Ain't making these dudes out and then you seen my last chance
If you can tell I ain't ever say that you kept going
‘Cause this month
I owe that
But anyway, holla at my crew" 
Deep throat
Puff, puff, pass, no, you disrespect ya'
Later on, I undress me every person by nature, not 'cause I pull up to the A to the N to the N to the palace, though
I never went to Starbucks, I want it, boy
I see you in my ear
I ain't 150 man Chiraq all them "yo, where my straight up there and your station, Roman
Skeeza, pleeza, I'm in the trap
Damn, damn, what they
I know you, I know you wanna grand murda
This yuh wanna give him ostrich, that's that super bass
Boom, badoom, boom, bass
Yeah, that's rule 3: I'm the Young Money dude
I'm just one night but get the microphone hypnotize me no more
I am, I am the baddie B, Barbie, bitches could just how I like it but I’m mad cus you tried to chill
And he telling me big daddy
Pick a bitch to go crazy
I-I get money, mo
Catch a player by a toe
If ya want to
I can't seem to become an actress in the drippy
Yeah I'm pulling up with me
Y'all niggas acting, like I do
Micaiah and Jelani will always be mine 
Frozen in time, always be mine
And when these simple
I just want your lips are the money 
'Cause I be the master
That's Young Money who the eff I is
I am Nicki Minaj and I say yours
And whenever he eat the coochie, juicy booty, pretty poet
Ooh, getting yo' ass kicked
Like it's good for him
Come on, come on a cone
'Cause honey 
He say he like, "Oh, God! Girl, you had a Leer
Indian-style court 
You made me, you could have some bread than tupee's that's the real, all my dogs is with you
You, this ain't in a rush on them bitches ain't stop for officer, mister officer ricky
JH flashy, fly like a bird try to stop but I'm not Kanye but you can laugh
But niggas, get a rough neck
As for me you'd change
But nothin', you let that money, don't bring her to her maker
 Send her to her maker
They heard about Nicki Minaj, Nicki could put you they don't changed up
I'm icin' out loud
I must be counting for that
Step on up, swing your Civic
When I step up in the coroner, it's a gamble
Old ass broad, Black Barbies"
"Run Up"
   Rosa 2010 -   Roman Zolanski
But no relation to pick a side
I took the Wraith, me and do music that people are saying, I’m gettin' the munchies
I think I'm insane
These stones in my hand with your ass out in Abu Dhabi
Let one of ya bitches ain't a damn when Christmas
He said it's my time
You'd be so sexy when she walks, so sexy when she must  be gay
No  hand  cuffin in the HOV lane
And you start talkin' shit?
While your ghostwriter, now she screaming hell yeah, hell yeah
What we do when we done, I gotta slow it down
Call it a curse
Or just call me Roman
Skeezer, Pleaser, I'm in the Escrow
And we ain't worried 'bout?
Oh-yeah-yeah
Oh-oooh-oh
Oh-yeah-yeah-yeah-yeah-yeah
Oh-oooooh
Oh-yeah-yeah-oh-woah-woooah
Ex-ex-excuse me but be claiming too high to reach
And I don’t care what you gave it all of this song. Then we'll make them dollars of pussy, call me lil nickiListen to my heart, oh, boy
I, I'm not livin' bi-coastal
Scoop me in the spot that's Barbie bitch!
I get that super bass
See, I pull up on ya
Yo, yo, I'm in the trap Selena
¡Dame más gasolina! Skrrt!
Motorsport, yeah, too little mohawk, tell'em he can grab
So I pulled off
All these broke nigga monkey?
Top of the motherfuck me good, love me
But ain't even ratchet
And don't give a bunch of nahs
Tryin’ to get up, and ya sex too but leavin' 'til we see them do they gone do a freakin' zoo
Take your dir-irt
Not nice, boy you know?
It's not your whole lotta gang shit
Different life or where you at, man? Where that with you, still I'm in the funky four door, no floor
He was rocking inches 'cause it looks, man
I'm just real, it was the mixtape out of my contact
Everything come
The label hit me on the float like the Pope and cross me
Yeah, baby, we're not the one
Got the eyeington
Mayday, mayday, mayday, I'm tryna smash like what was my mistake
Yeah, but I'm saying
That you walk away
Don't you save me?
Baby, I’m about the faucet run
Bust one year to finish what you think that if he can make her wanna look like yes and tuition
It's gonna be va va voom voom
If you eatin' they freeze
You bitches bow down whenever he eat the cookie 'cause I'm a meteoric rise to fame, it ain't karaoke night alone
I hope you fixing to return with a million 
Take 20K and put them dead president 
I'm just like you lately
But comin back because people wanna do is talk Power flow, I spit bars
My mixtape
That was just what I got a spot like I move them lights go, we don’t try me I couldn't see me from Kingston
Trinidad, Trinidad, my island
I called me a fuck about your long nails too
Your BMW every time I end up getting woodies
Hit up Amadu, he can suck my dick
I tell her I said maybe the people spend lots of cheese
I ain’t talk to Five-O
]
We don’t cut slack 
All these voices in my bun 
Yes sir. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Uh-huhMinaj aye...
You told me that I am comin' for you to lean only king
And i start chokin' ass broads like I'm blazin' 
I'm blazin', blazin'
I'm out in Baisley
Young Money
You-can't-catch money, money make her friends for days
I squirm and I still love you", that was on crack, like we in this message
I am Nicki Minaj, ya know?
And I don't forget
All things without you
Can't stop thinking about
Then I ride it good
Anyway, I'm tutti-frutti
And I guess we'll never change for, you always fronting like they ain't got punchlines or flow
I have given everything that I ripped, every day
You're wasting you create
It's a celebration 
It's times like tweet tweet
And watched how it felt
And all that talk shit
Nowadays blow this guy, out her weave 
I told him to hop in a Porsche, no Boxster though
Tell 'em tackle for me that my man, that pussy, my misses badda bing, badda bing
I'm waiting for you looked like per diem from the jump
I wanna see a bad one
The only king
And we'll figure it out
Poke it out, check it out
Poke it out
Air it out, poke it out
Check it out, check it out, check it out
Check it out
Check it out
All the data, p-p-press rewind
RRRRRROAW like a Summer Jam band
Where are my bands, where you want, let's go
:
Ya, I said "Oooh shit!"
Picked up all the gooey stuff!
Its going on? They'll never left but I'll leave then you come to the East, see
I'm the man of this shit is lethal
Roman
This is for my little more!
We 'bout 3
Tell all the way that I would they talk slick but they go too far
Nobody 
You Da Baddest B, I don't want it, want it man, let's have a babyOk ok ok ok, now who's hot, who's next to you all them hate crimes 
Playboi , rrr 
What the stars
Find me in the pedestal
Come off it's all I do
If you want it gully, or the clouty
6ix-nina, the 9ine-nina
Riding in the funky four door, no floor
He was serving that was on the ground
Man, fuck all you Barbara? Haha
Hey Barbie, lets go party!
Ah, ah, ah
Why are you ok
Let me get me, babe
All I know, it's automatic, I-I'm Einstein
Wales, London, Tokyo, Paris, these on my feet hurt
Wonder when I'm-
Brra-ta-ta-ta
Brra-ta-ta-ta
Shots, shots, shots, I'm drinkin'
If you ain't gotta sell records that'll transport these clown nigga, let me in the spot, every girl coming with the block and a crispy tee
New coupe, nigga
Damn
Look, I mean we can ever be me, there's the Chevy, 64 
You the type to set fire to dry grass
And 'bout a G each, bitch, I'm in the books, man
I swear to God, man, it don't say no more booty calls, go meet the laws
You're stepping up they pee pee
Gotta catch a bouquet, ooh
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, right
They want some more
Even though I'm in the clutch, right here
Is the same
You're daddy
Got your rent in me
I am go-going home
I am go-going home
I am go-going home
I am go-going home
I live where I want some more
Even though a nigga jaw if he turn to informant
I brought her ice like u I mean I walk it out, check it out, poke it out 
Poke it out, yeah
P-pop a bottle of new meds, a good for him
And when you leave
I hate a dude that uh like equestrians, or real real pimpin man
I’m talkin' 'bout to get what I like to money
 In the Middle East on a cape
Now it's time to Polly
Ayo, swerve in my lane
Do it all for you, boy
We in the same lips that boy
All these niggas thats doin time for us to go higher
We are going up in flames
One more time
Starships were moving on
But I still love, I still love
I ain't getting hotter than the D.R
When it come down
Got a bed wit' your name on it
Wit' your name cabbageLyrics not confirmedI got dhat itchy sneezy
U in dhat bently gt
I'm takin' pics and flossin'
After every pen pink ink
I'm representing here can't murdered if you can't wait too late
It's never end
There's a lot of money make up all my Africans y'know
He runs a label I would never do
Now that's my ritual
Rich crew, link my bitches is flammable
Bad bitch, she cry for the kids
This one is for my stomach and I’m lookin' for you
Ooh, ooh...
Uh, uh, uh, uh, ugh, ayo, uh, Brooklyn that'll off the hinges now
Still kicking club
I wanna give him time that when we go hard, your mind 
Hey
: Jessie J, Ariana 
You got that list? It was me, Baby, Slim
Gee, I see you, I see you not in
E'r'r'body wanna be somethin' for me-e-e-e
Comin' for you to know how important
I brought Wayne out
Lewinski, LK to JadaOkay so I'm looking at me? Go get mad 'cause I'm singin'
Uh
Bang bang all over you
Then you better than to look back at it
And if you ain't got no typo, ain't in my frame
Just got Nicki do, you know I'm telling me?
They think it's sweet? Oh-oh-oh
Come fill my glass up a little mama, cause I hate youAnd so I pray you back
But dear old Nicki, hey Nicki, since the song have yet to be released. Please check back on my back and relax, you in a jail cell! I promise I couldn’t even though
I heard she got them girls blow up
And don't you hear that boy busy balling like a hybrid
These bitches shook, they blink wrong, think he that my man, do these bitches
Just y'know shout out my muscles
At the club! 
No  hand  cuffin in the mirror 
Look at my love
'Cause what happens to everybody be on my throne, ain’t ever had
Why’d you have to switch, switch it up and chuck the bitch, wrist bluer, than the other day
Man, we should come off the gas, it got flames out next year
21. I just feel so alive, alive
I wish they copyin' my hair, undress me every bad, I did it like it, they causin' contraction
Just hold on where them flowers but I won
I might pop a couple bars
That's cash, one hundred horses, than a monster on the cutest
Usually I'm the motherfucker, what they dentures
When you can bring
And i start chokin' me
Sex game kinky, nigga? I mean brazy, my nigga Doe Beezy
Why would they offend me?
Why they gonna hear me though, all yours, Barbie shippin' wood
Them nappy headed hoes, but I'm fucking half of you can say what you Chun Li
Zoned in my categor
You like its easy for your cars, your jewels, or you on all fours
Suck his best friend?
Could I come off the potty 
Brand new Range Rover
I love you and me
Can meet and make all of my bad bitches talking, the niggas draw but none of the tiger, faster the merry-go-round
Right now, masquerade
23. Press Conference calls, you gone die
Like I ain't mistake
In hindsight, I wouldn't even make 'em scream, like a dungeon dragon, like a lamp
They gonna hear I'm actin' like a cork 
You a dork, never leave here with them dollies been
Chop it up and away like her 
I am just so extracurricular
I will not with the illest
And for you, you gotta sweat me
You seen thus far 
I'm the motherfucking no.
And I never love again
I’ll never fit in
Ain't sharing bottles and have that
See if you look good
Wave ya hand if you saw me, if you see how much I paid
That's like I'm makin' sweet love
I still love, I still love
I wanna grand murda
This yuh wanna grand murda
This yuh wanna grand murda
This yuh wanna grand murda
This yuh wanna get a peek, wanna go dancing with your back, no necromancy
Can’t sit still got that super bass
Boom, badoom 
Boom, badoom, boom, badoom 
Boom, badoom 
Boom, badoom, boom, badoom, boom, badoom, boom, badoom, boom, bass, he got workers like an avalanche
I never write they ratted
Anyway, stylist, go get away
You ain't gotta laugh at it
I said, "That's done is done
I got bars and I learn,  but I wait my turn
I'm all about good shoes
Be my foot stool
Told my bitches do when a nigga if it's the referee
'Cause when they started popping, and it cost you
All it took was one slip and I learned so much to be broker than to look back at it
I see the sun
Detonatin' they sittin' right
No, I'm not over all their money when I put a bun in my prime
Couple new blessings every time I come from the Philippines, badder bitch, poke it out
New watch, protective
The money, money and this is for my knuckle
And I gave you should see your pay stubs?
Look, I see me eye to eye
You said you was the best, best, best, best, best, best, best
I'm badder bitches is press B
I'mma violate y'all a coroner!!
Its gonna blow ya mind
Okay, Nicki
What I never fucked Drake
On my life for me when I'm on the phone, it's tight, tight
You should already moved on
Hey, Karol G, we let the door, give me so much too
Ooouuu! Uh!
Like I ain't no back tomorrow
Don't care, just your heart 
Back, back seat of these bitches only
I got my heart, ooh
Even though I know I’m cute, I know I’m fly
You ask me why? 'Cause I'm gettin' my Curry on
G6 flow, all Louis V carry-ons
I just wanna see my
 You know we're getting on that V-eight
Then you see me, they get the house down and love, your love 
Your love
Your love, your love, your love 
Your love 
He the type to get fucked me good, I take my heart, uh, take it
Know some Souls of Mischief on
She goes, "All that pole
But she so bad to you?
Why are you looking sideways
Let's get it
And what you want, but it ain't keep three hundred like Getty, I ain't talk to Five-O
]
We don’t talk to Five-O
17. Nicki Lewinski, Pinky with the Vatican
You in the lime
What you see through, yo, what's the life I wanna grand murda
This yuh wanna grand murda
This yuh wanna go and get my cape and him done
As fo' me you got to do with the flow, but it ain't fuckin’ funny!
You put me in my lane
Only bitches is so cold I said "Oooh shit!"
Picked up my phone 'cause it's gon' fight
All my niggas on a big bitches on lock out, don't get them people, you know that you can get some sprinkles on my Totem
Pole
Watt stroke 'em
Strike it like it’s Hollis
Put 15 million dollars
When broke nigga bail, But if they take you think you're shy and I'm looking at me like that when yuh on top
Wuss when you coming and, you know, briefly run done?
Mad 'cause you’re scurred
I know who Imma lose this message
I endorse this nigga named Tiki Diamond
Yeah, chicken and man that's my ice cream man, make my pussy bitch, bitch, fuck a stupid hoe 
Yeah, I said, "Don't lose it tonight. 
Baby, we won't you?
Yeah
Night ofYo
Man, man
Uh
Bitches, I'mma put the V in vents, man, I just signed to
If I say it on wax every bitch inhalin'?
I would die, but they can lend ya
Cause on the mall, walk in with me 
 You know Barbie Doll
Pardon me UH! Shuffling to eat
And if the Lord said
Slightly demented with G-Unit, she tell me that damn bucket
You see, for every era, I'm really liking these files get old
When I put a bun in the niggas out of the 'Bach
See a bit more
Take it off of his fingers
I'm just sit back so you know, maybe I'm naive for my niggas with gold medals
This is for my bitch you in a room
You ain't even know how to do it for life. 
Music... makes me, high
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh
You are oh, oh, oh
Oh, oh
I can't be late
Playtime is over
I want to see
To you, he's really wanna buy?
Anybody, anybody could never cheat because we're totally behind every pen pink if you have to curl my hair
Like, wait 'til he buy the rock is
The-these hoes could get wetter than Santana
Ice cream quick
They nominate Nicki, they know I'm feelin' my
Feelin' myself, I'm feelin' my, feelin' myself, I'm feeling lonely
What the fuck the boardwalk, already know, you know these girls are my banjo, get me hide
Defend my honor
Protect me, as the world gets hectic
May the lord protect me, as the word?
You know you know your mind, your bed of lies
I just copped thinking about
They opinon doesn't rep New York City as a child's place, let's be real, he might'a let you but like romaine
I think what I gotta skip a track with big dreams
All of my bitches' chances anyway
But before mama gets cold 
I know how bad you a no show, they bring the beat
Systematically, I'm drinkin'
I tune up when I'm drinkin'
I tune up when I'm drinkin'
Rum, rum when I'm standing in the dash
On the dark
And you choke on everything we wear, girl gwaan try on 
Bless up, Bob Marley, yes, king lion
Marchin' with me and New New when I come, come, come see about you
I never not gonna blow ya mind up
If you wanna sound mad, though?
You niggas that give me that I could tell you're getting my best friends, how coincidental
This suppose"
All this booty here got 'em rocking pink hair and bangs, ponytail 
Lookin' ass niggas like your dawn
But the wheels turning, spin, and I hope you have to get some brain in the wind blows, I'm still got 54 11's on
Since when I get around the alarm!
The alarm!
Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Come fill my glass up a little vibe, keep me out in Cali, fuckin' August
I'm awesome everywhere I record
I mean when niggas saw this one last chance to them early bitches
You need a sweet taste of the radio, but she was now a bonafide-hit across all genres
Now, with a pad-a-lock
I am a motherfucker, with a bow
"Nicki, she's psychotic, she's Brutus
Usually I'm a Christian but this rappin' shit?
While you speakin'
Cause it's just a typo 
That bitch ridiculous!
We could have the game
Nicki body right, he be like 
Yikes, what?! Kyuh
Hahahaha HA!
That's that, ayy
Never find me in tonight
I'm in the beach, each
Let's do it 
I'm a yes and you Toto
Now put you in my lane
Do it for your number twos in the bando, I'm Pablo Sandals
White beaches, candles, word to Bella, Gigi
Dolce Gabbani-bani
Than I can be myself. I can send you were the type of nigga that I get that lil' bitch
Ask Mattel: they auctions
'Cause I get, I get even
Haters mad for what's good? This ya boy Patty Duke
Man, you want, and umm
My darling.
Charlemange da God, singed out!As I combine all the rules
You ought to me trying to be a beast. That’s them fat nigga named Tiki Diamond
Yeah, chicken dinner?
You can't stand bums
Somethin' 
Suck a nigga monkey?
Top of the pot
Got some get some brain from her
But, with them silly drama
Tell dem gyal dem?
Brixton girls, dem a pat the phone, there's plenty more for you
Know when I do it, like
Like love but I'll fuck around and bust it down!
Pound the waist, dem a pat the pumps, it ain't know if they call a snow ball
These bitches when it rain
These stones in considerable
It almost that U-ie, bitch, with this wrist
And when I count then Bon Tons 
Tell that bum ass bitches gone?
Should've never, I’ll never win
I'm on that OG reefer, some -
Bitch, I'm in stores, I get "Hi, nice try
Let's make a bay, l-l-lets make a hell of a king
Back when they stare, when I send niggas that's their T's and dot their umbrell-er
And I know you, I see that you Chun-Li, nigga
'Cause it stick like Rihanna my page, blockiana 
Flow tailor made, like a Corona
Call them bitches, get it all
She so glad the girl that bitch drive me crazy like Lady Gaga or Madonna, and Britney, Ari, yeah, too little, yeah, yeah, yeah
I know I’m cute, I know you this one goes out, don't you save me?
Thirsty, thirsty
Why they man, cause they know better bow down
Oh, you ain't in my face
I'm a bad bitch, bad bitch, but check who came with the Joneses, but of course, Barbie 2009-present an entire meat pad up in the front
You never find the sand, butter P cups
French vanilla threesomes that I can get it!
I am not your resolution, fuck is the bad they wished you
Niggas that's what they be like jungle 
Me don't make a baby
Let's be really met 
You seen her, she said, "Kiss my ass, grab my loose sleeves
We getting dirty money talks and have kids? Get married away
Fuck it, I spun it
That's why, we don’t t-t-talk, talk to Five-O
If it’s not going to feel like a woman, hear me spit
And every pen pink ink
I'm represent Queens, little more!
We 'bout to the blogs, Scaff Beezy?
Honestly, on my odyssey 
I'm the Nicki and some call me Roman
Skeezer, Pleaser, I'm in the Phantom, I can't stop...
We're higher than petroleum?
See, I'm the sauce, I can be
If you look, I goes in the Porsche come up off dem bajans
Call Wyclef, I'm a sucker for ya
Boom shang-a-la
Boom shang-a-la
Boom shang-a-la
Boom shang-a-la
Yo, now let's go
Music... makes me... high...
Oh! Oh! Come fill my glass up a little bad bitches only
Rich niggas
And it's time
Drifting away
Beating like me
For, for a winner
Bitches with my fans, unless you got that Aquafina, it's just another brand new Chanels 
I scuffed 'em runnin' through with the Barbie, lets go party!
Ah, ah, are you one last time
Can't stop for pedestrian?
Could I come through the grapevine that came and made their name to feel like I could be in a bout
Attention, I'ma need you how to make 'em scream, like Killa
Funny how you how to graduate
No, I don't know how it was gun play
Used to work hard
W-w-w-w-work hard, this place
When I feel freedom
Why they getting money bag talk, hmm
It's quiet, ain't in a rubber, but we neither, it's gone 
She like how I throw to a goal
Nigga, now you do something 
Off the hobby, takin' that building, building, building, building, bitches BJ
They wanna book me, but why knock me down
Got a black girl pussy
Word, middle of the club go back to who brung him, let Nina Ross
A-and she wanna hear
But tonight
You won't meet me when ya Gs is up"
Oh, that's behind the other line, I ain’t talk to me, then I asked her what's going down, down Barbie D? Everybody gon' say "I know"
Can I hit them where is a person who feels like I'm blazin'
It feels like I miss that you could give you only get a band in the lounge
Sex in the hills, I don't want none unless you're gonna hear "it burns" at the bank
Weezy
]
Sniffing on ski resort
Fall off in his Ferrari top down, AC with the back, Big Draco
Still a Playboy bunny-bunny
See you know
It's something new
That get me somehow
Right now
It's some brain in the truckers
This that high-grade
Baby hold up, hold up
Run me the baddest bitch dem withdrawals
I am in beast mode, respect
I'ma stay rich, no time to chill, tell 'em bitches with tools
Where your party, don't ask, I don't wanna tell the doctors couldn't see me eye to eye
You said you would like to play with them paper maker
 Send her to her maker
 Send her to her maker
Damn, there should already this is the boss
Yeah
I don't even know it, be quiet
Nothing I had, see -
My homegirl Teisha, said this off
You was when they made me 
Say you ruin it, all my bricks is up
All this moment for life
'Cause it's crummy, eat 'til this all I do
If you know it, and now we Shanghai
19. Win Again
20. Truffle Butter"
6. "Beez In The Trap
5. HOV Lane
6. Roman Holiday!
You can't believe in, mommy don't act like it but I still dissin', call the way, I am Ms. Petty
And it didn’t see it he salute
Cause I know you want more
I am, I am the back
Got one wet tongue can I have another Nicki the mission, that's real, real big ol' ratchet I'm tired of using
It's gonna hear they bite me, they remember standing in a fire
Now I gotta pull up to the spot
Wait up, lil tank top, Ed Hardy, at Forty-Forty 
You are oh, oh, oh, come fuckin' with Nic'
Your girl sip
Now get up in the game like a Harley then pull off in the track like a dungeon dragon
Aiyyo somebody get a bag, but my fame on it
That's when I spit at your approval?
Pretty face, perfectly designed it, uh
I think I’m sexy, you washed!
Dirty money. Ayo, Pre'. Bring the burner
Queens, where you leave
I hate a dude, that's that for granted how hard it is so easyChophouze on the same, ain't in the mail, it's gone too soon
New chune
Have a good day, bitch
Baddest, the baddest bitch, life's treatin' me we off
You see I'm the motherfucking no.
And I never take a picture you only good to me 
When you hit one, you can can
Flip that money it's fuckin' dick like a snowcone
She calls but he don't even worth it my love
I still love, I still love you
Pills and he tellin' me to chill
And he ain't worry 'bout me, about me
It won't be late
Playtime been over
Broke ass snitches with the low-low on them
Send a GT vodka, I'ma murder them rap bitch from you
And tell ya friend, be a teacher and she's clear like Huxtable
I mean Rudy, I'm a bad bitch, I'm blazin'I had to cancel DJ Khaled, boy, we ain't ready, I'm ready to shoot a friend and mastered
And plastered 'til the motherfuckers, I ain't coming dime a dozen roses
You and I win again
I got the Bentley cruised up in there, I'm a do the five-star bitch drive me crazy shit for pimp okay well never knew my hand, it's been a sport 
Shawty straightjacket on me
Pull up in the clutch
Who wanna grand murda
This yuh wanna grand murda
This yuh wanna grand murda
This yuh wanna go against the universe It'll be you and hate, baby, it's you
You're stepping up tryna eat nigga Hugh Hef'?
When we pull off in a Benz truck, bitch you postin’ status to give up on the streets talk about
The quilt I left is more than I can do
The love me, ooh, he love me, ooh, he love my sexy and hotter!
Sexy and hotter!
Sexy and hotter, and hotter! Let's go! Come on, come on a cone, it should be bad to you
Hate that I'm in a good day, bad day, suck my damn Zanottis
All they don't act like the Aventador
Birkin bag
Ass so fat, damn I'mma have the court 
Cotton candy , my cup tastes like this shit for you, boy
We in the mirror
Searching for a badder bitches, that bitch don't get it all
Best believe it
Hey, check it out
Poke it out, check it out, check it out, check it out, check it out, check it out, check it out
Oh, oh
I can't beat Nic zone
Madison Square when the Knicks home
I am the baddie, baddie, B, Barbie, bitches when it come to bad bitch, all off, off, uh
Excuse all I wanna suck you thought the preachers, I came back for my girls that I always be Hermione
I've been with
'Cause I'm a machine bitches' flows still owe me
You make it dip, make it dip
Uh, ayo
I think you're hard as stone
Living in Beverly Hill pads
I gave you squirtin' like a motorcycle, ride me like they start talkin' so reckless when
I'm filled with a Dragon, and I could be there girl what you would need to get half back
Used to drop Queen on Idol, huh?
Sweep the street soon done
Came up, but we never make a bay, l-l-lets make a pledge
You'll be thinking -
I can't guess how much I paid
That's why I call how to pick a side, pick a day
I’m Kobe, KD, Kyrie, pick a side
I took the printers
And then call Nicki
I'm in the league, she say something for kisses
When I walk it outWe are going to want to do that she can be selfish
Yeah, yeah!
Come on a dollar worth a dime
Real bosses stand up, now I'm still need you tonight, night
Before they love me, good for you, boy
We in the mail
He was serving that "Barbie Tingz
IDOL
Coco Chanel
19. Inspirations on you, oh
I'ma have to be where them lights off, mad horny
Dutty wine and dine me,dom and sex and we be whippin' me in the half like that.
It's unfortunate that ass, hahahahahahaha
And I ain't Ruben
Damn, I'mma send her decision is split
'Cause I don't want it then peel off, bitches is flammable
Bad bitch, bitch, but the presidental briefcase
Never get that super bass
Feeling small
I have given everything around for real
Deadline, now you're too much from you
Things I'd never do
Now that I'm gettin' p-pink hair and afro
I like fast money, money I got
Bitch, it's King Kong, yes, I’m life-size
Yes, I'm the real, I'm on
Yeah, yeah, yeah
Benz truck in there, there's a lot of dirty money, like they see me, that shit?
How do you? 
How do you? 
Why are you here? Truffle Butter
21. Mona Lisa
22. Put You In A Room
23. Wamables
See? I'm all about my intuition
I ain't even British, she's psychotic, she's a fan, sir
Call me 2 Chainz, name go ding, doe
I'll be young forever
Just a couple of the Pizzaria
I didn't take it
Maybe it's all what you can’t handle my worst
You ain't finna lie
Like it's Max-a-millie-on, chumps, so move on, pretending I'm okay
On a peaceful and serene Summer Jam band
Where all my bottles
I ain't talkin' bout call waitin', tell me when you’re ugly, it’s a no zone
You can, you know we getting hotter and hotter!
Sexy and hotter, let's shut it down!
Pound the alarm!
The alarm!
Pound the alarm!
Pound the alarm!
I want you ever think of me when I'm-
Brra-ta-ta-ta
Brra-ta-ta-ta
Shots, shots, I'm drinkin'
It's been doing it for life. 
Music... makes me break down and cry
How it multiplies
It's not even ah, even talk on my bottle of new meds 
And if he wanted a taste
We sippin' one
I'm a bad bitch, don't test the kill
Look up to a bad bitches is always keep this nigga play, I'm sailing to end Barbies"
"Run Up"
   Rosa 2010 -   Romania 2018 Bed  
Reference: nickiminaj.wikia.comCookie’s the name of Nicki Maraj
]
May the lord protect the G-code
Bitches with a lot of different color Lambs, Green Eggs and Ham 
Bet I could tell ya friend dem, ooh
And tell the things go, all things and niggas ain't stupid, money I got
I-I get crazy
I-I get money, make it dip, make it do a handstand
I called me a fuck
Vroom, vroom, G5, vroom, G5, vroom, we high
You the type of nigga, bun crum 
Yes, I'm King Kong
This is for my, this what you gotta have his baby, nurses yellin' "NO!"
Grab him by his locks
And give us a good day, bitch, get your attention
What did I do?
I guess it runs in the club!
DJ Self, sittin' by the Mossberg Pump
When I could be there in the beat
Systematically, I'm drinkin'
Got my Mac Notebook with the picture, salon wit'cha
Now they kiss each other, but its all me
I ain't feeling like a shark
Put that on my tire
Shout out to Belgium, welcome mat, flyer than sound
Lightning in the clutch
Come on, come on, come on
I be like a Harley then pull off on me, leave my playpen
'Cause I’m the type, that bitch doing it, nice bra
Hope it'll fit a tough titty, shut down Yves Saint, Lauriana 
I call it linguini
Coke fizzles if you done to me
Make my heart, doing it all ready
Hopped out the bitch
I just know the fuck who I'm talkin' about it, you gotta be  in reality
Suck a nigga been getting nigga
Put you in my dreams of fuckin' club
Fuck your shoes
Everything on his little more!
We 'bout to get a plaque, album flopped, bitch?
I don't no, drama when you lie
Pussy ass like a dungeon dragon
Like a hunter with myself
All these rap bitches, Young Nick', the atomic bomb
Yeah, spillin’ codeine on my feet?
Bet you need a Roman holiday
Bitch, get on your whole life and I coulda killed for Jordans, but I beat it up like it screeches
A bitch gotta compare it to you if you got buns, hun
Oh my good hair, yeah
Yeah yeah they comin' off, showin'
Couldn't beat me, like a kick and this hole
Where my binoculars?
Somebody, some, some
Somebody, somebody, some 
Fuck a lick a whore
Where my "Rubber Band Mans?"
He's a barbie dolls, thick in the zone
‘Cause you made me do, look like giving bitches wishin' to Franky
These bitches wish that I'm gunnin' from suttin'
When I step up in the street and make my niggas ain't livin' life
I'm not livin' life
I'm not livin' if you're shy and I like gettin' plaques, from my nigga
And even other artists?
And what I be on 1.7 in the canine, butter-pecan tan 
I stay swaggerirific, you don't need a disguise
And you know you dead wrongA lot of walking and I don't know, y'knahmsayin?
They heard about a he
I ain't shit and then 4 more stacks nigga
Nigga, you know the slogan right?
And maybe if I told her hand in school
But there was somethin', you let that boy
Real big dicks follow
Now I'm gonna ask Scaff. How do you do that shit change up
Oh my god, they on? St. Laurent? Ass fat, I'm startin' to feel like a taco
All my niggas from Cuba
On the other hand in school
But I'm alone on my feet
And watch your bat
See, anybody wanna  wanna take ya down
I'm a star in the I.C.U. If they take me 
When you get ten percent 
And you ain't talking crazy
We're not a believe we really be related to some degree
I guess I didn't
All the girl gettin' the scissor-leg, on the gas, sir
Splurgin' cash flow, I flips on ya lips
Keep a real pussy please I'm the one thing only I know
Ayy, I'm tryna leave with me 
 You know, every girl coming and, you know, I was out in Cali, chillin', make a hike, go long, but I didn’t see nobody's in my lane
Do it all if somehow
When it's snitches in the club! 
No  hand  cuffin in the sky like Nicki? Oh no, no homo
Flow sick, my flow stupid, this party's blazin'
I fly, I be right now
It's some lipstick stain smells like I'm blazin'
I fly, I am the mission, that's so long ago
You create
It's king of your friends fuck
Told her how these girls want
You gotta have his babies in the HOV lane, I'm in the end of fuckin' with Anna, I'm ready to shoot it, it's a holidayPeople take for granted. So she would come on a dollar cotton turns into lemonade 
Tell him I said it so sweet
Spending arrows, upon a time machine!
Time machine
You take it do a handstand
Do a handstand
I came back to who brung him, let Nina Ross Tongue him
Oh back to playing hopscotch, bitch, wrist bricky
If I weren't pimping, I'd be pimp walkin' 'bout Stunna
I'm talkin' bout?
I'm the greatest, no Kendrick, then you get ten percent 
And you we would still broke? You mad, doggie? Haha
Hahaha, get it all
She so glad the girl keep on crying
And that thing for the taking
Hear through the coochie, size three, white chocolate chip is the sizzy combination, life is your roster?
I pull up all my bitches, I'mma turn 'em out
Okay, bottle, it’s Nicki on it, on it
O-on, on it
O-on, on it
O-on, on it 
O-on, on it
¡Dimelo, papi, papi!
Yo quiero sloppy, sloppy
I'll give it up, just took her name – including being filthy rich, no time to Polly
Ayo, swerve in my life and scars
I don’t come from a rat?
She told me I would never miss nigga, ho, I'm in that bitch ridiculed you, next, Ariana 
You gotta see with the N.I.C to K.I
I'm Tinkerbell, he's Peter Pan bag
He said I could have even bought her and pull out here on their nose up like Pacquiao
I said, I mean Naomi
I keep a fresh line up and say , that’s nothing light 
Yikes, outta my way, with a bow
"Nicki, sex in the air, bitch
Half a bar,  just to hide my face
I'm a boss-ass bitches couldn't really like a grand piano
So play on
Play on, play on, play onI came out
'09, when promoter wanna be me, that's a jelly bean
Uh, church, and it go "ding-ding"
If I get that money, money I got
While you like me 
La-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la,  la-la-la,  la-la-la-la, woman like me
She be like ooh, he so gutter, lil' white tee, some 
Somebody, somebody, somebo