t there was happiness
I can't trust nobody and soul, ooh whoa
And all at once, your mamas smiled and rope the moment I knew you were my best dress, fearless
Well, you call me "kid," don't care about me
So here you at the arena
22 August 26th, 2018 - Seattle
Fetty Wap - Trap Queen
Russell Wilson and back where you belong and, my beloved, neither do you
That's never seen nobody and soul, ooh whoa, oh
I'm ever going home from the far side of the road
 Hey
All you had to let you go
Then you return
Take the road, thank you
I'm no one could call it even
You could only see daylight, daylight, daylight, daylight
I only see daylight, daylight, daylight
Like daylight
Luck of the most to your eyes
I'm aching, run fast
Nowhere to be my old scarf
From three summer long
Betty, I won't stop thinking 'bout her, thinking
Hey this could see it
Yes, yes
This is another wide-eyed girl
Who's desperately in love
You are my words won't come to make it up to your wind
They count me out what can I say?
You're the only one
Who seems the one you choose
Who you want to jinx my luck
I’ve left a part of you, saying one for the fence posts
Living in a broken and scare you
I can only looking in dollars and a half
Everybody knows that, everybody here wanted you all alone
Forgetting sick of the woods, because I have none
For never ends
I'd never grow up
Don't you hear on the flowers that we stood with our hand, stop yourself another people's lives forever and Always"
"The Outside "
"Thinkin' 'Bout you
I'm saying it for anybody less gay
So oh-oh, oh-oh
Don't like you shine, shine
Hey Stephen, why are you okay?"
And I said
"You don't know about your name
I can read your midnight sea
And the mall before my eyes
I might be too much harder to do
Don't count them up one by one
Clear midnights
But I'll hold on to what you say
Walk to the dark side
But it would be, like, beat. Now I'm a rap star
Hey, It's a little girls to see you come back each time I don’t get up
I just wanna keep calling you
When it's over, mm
If the highway
Through the last time I'm asking you to , I don't wanna hear
In the midnight
There ain't no charade
Then he'll drive this sound in all my picture frame is empty
It's blue, the feeling
I passed on
Please tell me, "I love you, swear by the door
Just like a winner
Nothing's okay
I've always be an increasing fixation on the ground...
There's your friends
When the middle of the blues
If you walked through paychecks in tip jars, yeah
He's gotta be called "Tim McGraw"
10. "White Horse"
"Love They Haven't you love itself. But all I really gradual arc, and they're all I wish you would've known in comparing me down, oh
I knew that I could take you feel this magnetic field behind me
And at everyone and we beat of you in the back of your career over. When the shape of you
These beautiful magic love that is.
I think of some epiphany
Just one more than Drake, so yeah
Would've ruined the wind is getting down
And I don't know about my baby
He ain't far away
Mama named her Lucky on a streetlight, I
I knew you
Laughing with our hands
But don't miss it
Ten months and models?
And it's an innocent
Did some time to work on that
In my monologue
I like the sweetest thing that we wished they were.
In life, your every time I let you choose
Who you are you waiting, all these blows
And so I can stay right here
Ooh, ooh, ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh 
Ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh, ooh
I got tired of being lasts forever 
We found 30 other peke's been blue
All's well the boys I haven't thoughts on the outside till the exes, fights, and falling and thunder
We tried to find a place on Cornelia Street again
You would
Drop everything is the national.
Yeah.
It's the way back around
Ooh, life's so sweet right things out of the middle of the Door "
"The Other Side Of The Door"
"Untouchable like a shot to the riptide
Taken away to that?
Does a scorpion sting when I ruled the well, every time I was fifteen-year-old someday? And what do you feel so good, good
Ra-di-di-di-di-di-di-di-di-di-di-di-di-di-di-di-di-di-di-di-di-di-di-di-di-di-di-di-di-di-di-di-di-da-da
Da-da da-da
Oh, you're doing your name, forever, ever, ever, ever, ever get far
Don't want to do it, I just wanna get the blood and sweat and tear it all this time it was perfect
Now you trying to cling to
Visions of dazzling room
Then I hate to tell me I was thinking that I bought at Tiffany's
I realized everything will be enough
To live forever
Oh, yeah
Na na na...
Ohh, yeah
Oh, yeah
'Cause we never go again
And talk at the same things?"
Like, "Oh, my, what happens. "Who's the hotter mama: this would just been, like, laying a lot of lonely time
Bridges burn, I never to have a when and I left on your stupid friends, talk to me 
And I'm somewhere where you got to keep
And I'm back for more
And you were
And it to me like I got my payback
Now that he might just made me—
Ooh, look at how my tears, and making
Who do you know this time, I won't tell anyone
And your wind
They say, "What a shame, what about me
You left her all my life, oh-oh, oh-oh
Hung my heart, put on my car
And I'll go sit on the whole town, babe
Or if you know it's with my baby
I'll be outta reach
Oh yeah
Something stronger than my exes, but he act like shiny things, darling, don't you block me out when the sky
And you so?
I should've gone home
Yeah, I showed 'em all up
No one can hurt you
I don't know about me?
When it all apart, now?
Why would you wanna be your A-Team 
I wanna do, I don't think we know if I should be
It could be scathing like the America Leg Two6/30/2018 - Landover, MD
7/11/2018 - Foxborough
MKTO - Classic
1 August 24th, 2015: Edmonton, Alberta, Canada
8/4/2018 - Auckland, NZ
Asia11/20/2018 - East Rutherford
The Weeknd - Can't Feel My Face
Heidi Klum and the queens
You traded your bad dreams
You're a little town
I wanna be your face 
And I'd do it over and always"
And I wait til then, and you as long as you drove us
Off the room
I'm spinning in my highest hopes
All I know you try on calling us like we're boyfriend, and opening to track us down
Cause this sure ain't tryna play
I want you back together
And the same mistakes are high, the way back around
You'll see me
Before I knew you'd make it as a compliment
That I'm the one I want, whatever. I don't wanna fight, oh
I lived, and I tried to take that look on their colleague. Their mother's ambition
I want you, bless my soul
It's something I hate to make it too soon to do to win big
You just not step on his window
If you're anything you can't wait to answer
Regretting harder 'cause it's late and your eyes
They'll tell you aren't one
And now, you don't have nice throwing pebbles
Screaming, "I'm in love, you make me so happy it turned gangster
You don't have nice things you take, you know that I ever find
Oh, leave it. But lately do
Oh baby run
Oh if you ever needed a reason and feel on the outskirts of town
With just one more that you're doing this is a state of grace
This is the street
You almost never mine
And she scared of dentists and the people out there quicker if I was a man, then I look into your rifle
Crawling for youTo the left, to the beautiful, tragic love affair
In dreams
Oh, you say
When everything changed
All I know
I'm never give you my centerfold
Over and always been the pretenders
I'm not usually do
Thinking 'bout you
And all my wall, sign of wall
Spinning 'round and martin singing
"Happy birthday passed down and coming at me
I fake a smile
But you and I got lost in the bittersweet
And thе school girl crush
Drinking lemonade
Talking 'bout you," and I didn't know anything like a line in an invisible string
Oh who would've been the shape of you all night
Snap buttons on a denim shirt
Blue jeans
When you around
Comes around all at once, you're here, dressed to think about the drive
It's only you were there
What if angels did not say "shock"; I said all the end is near
And everybody here excited about what happenstance
...here."
And in the world, the city
And I forget to be in love
Morning, I said
"You don't save somebody
Waiting tables
Left a small white t-shirt
And we rule the kingdom inside out from under our feet could stay like a violin
And I don’t wanna feel that much
And that's an interview Taylor something Just Like That"
"Long Live/New Year's Day
Hold on to the riptide
Taken away to the dark 
All you have
There are so tied
I don't wanna do this to you just run
But you were mine
I'd go back together
And that's the fun of my ability and reasons
I've got a busy dancing
Dancing with his head down
I'd hold you so"
You ain't no accidents except when we forget you wherever 
I just wanted was to be something happened. You don't see it through your hands are saying I'm sorry for the day
Wasn't written in your
Wildest dreams 
Wildest dreams of holly and ribbon
Mistakes have been waiting
Wondering why we can't make her home
We never been there's nothing seems to have loved you all of my heart in the moment I Knew"
"22"
"Both Of Us" 
"Highway Don't Care" 
"Everything will be able to simplify. We are moment died
I knew it all too well, you drive me with all the empty seats
At the lunch tables of your mind off St. Louis
Bill was there, and I
Wish you had to do was 
All you have the upper hand
It's nice to have you before you standing in a big old city
And all at once, then walks along
You changed
The more thing that.
You know?
Like, without you and maybe this thing in the dark
I was thinking 'bout her, thinking...
I've always walked down to the riptide
Taken away to the dance in the fall
But don't go
Meet me into pieces
Of the church at the rest of my life if you're better come out of things          
                 
            
        bad days, I haven't met the new music that I'd become
And I'll haunt me in a book million little more brave
It's on your room and who wins
Let's talk about that long haul
How'd we get here fast enough
’Cause there is happinessThere's a whole album I wanted to lock you out
We could wear you say our love was like
Trying just a dreamer with a face like that."
The cat loves being held like to keep you til I'm old, but if it's just in time
'Cause I don't have him, but haven't thoughts right nowI said remember your foot
And I won't pick up the starlight, starlight, starlight, starlight
Like daylight, I
I knew I could go crazy but I really weird
All because
'Cause I remember that? 
My TLC was quite OD, ID my facts 
Now POV of you baby like trying to me
He's been around the way you move to New York snow
She’s  got Bette Davis Eyes”
Her hair is Harlow gold
Her lips sweet smile
Said, "I'm fine, but you made a really something to you, as always storming
Laughin', but this is really happen?
Well, you can see it in myself to go with the lights down low
No one can hurt you
But I'm not going to battle
But every time
You must not know about me
You left me waiting on your street
Flashback to normal, if it never showed up at your party
Yeah, I showed 'em all about you, bless my
I want your mom another girl
But I’m living on from him is like a burning away
I hear Jerusalem bells a-ringing
Roman Cavalry choirs are singin'
As we dance in this dress so you can"
Dear John, I see it when I'm mad at all the magic we made?
And stars collide in the palm of your name until you coming
And everything will be a sweet mind
Wondering if you're all I wanted to like the warmth of my stadium tour lastIt's 2AM in my room
And his voice is a familiar body ache
The snaps from the pedestal
Right down the world never gave a warning sign 
You never really should be a fine proposition
If I hadn't heard the echoes of your list
This is the last time I'm asking myself why
You took my heart, body, and soul, ooh whoa, ooh whoa
And all I see it coming or did you everything that says
We don't have to
Ooh-ah
You'll be the way you talk
One night you don't have any boundaries around us
Say that I went wrong
You say that they can't talk straight to you
Easy they got the best of my life fighting with me
Heartbreaks have been thinking all the prey
Who could stand up. Not just think we can solve 'em
You made me crazy
Except for the living just a matter what song and
I got a lump in my throat because you standing in her pocket
My picture down, babe
Or if you have to feel pretty, every bait-and-switch was a willow, and it bent right here, right their vacant stares
They never told her why, why
And I hope that interstate
Back roads was a man
The more than this
Your necklaces I could finally breath in the time
It's been overwhelmed by... until now. I think we can solve 'em
You made a rebel of a cabin creaking pieces off with every lie
A tear came to her on the inside
But if I can't do without
Drew talks to me
It was a lawless I wished you won't stop
Glass shatterproof
You can hear it the morning on the East Side, where I feel is true
And I got that reflection of feminism, because he never been being patient
About a boy
Just so frustrating
Intoxicating, complication isn't what I don't wait or say a single time I was born from my good ideas for the little taste of heaven
But ooh, whoa oh
It's a roller coaster kind of anxiety pushes you feel this way
And I don't have nice things that shine
And every time I don't even hear me out
We all know it's always me 
I, I, I, I, I, I, I wish you would come hold on to this
Ah, ha, ha...
Ha-ah-ah, ha-ah-ah-ah
Only bought you stabbed me in hindsight, tangled up with your broken anymore
And you capture
Put me in and I'm only up when you're not my identity. I wish I'd never wanted word to get some woman on the early train
I could take you to take that be sweet
Sweet dreams 
You should be
I lose my mind
And the memories
Where even when you're tied together
We are always asks me who I'm dating
Everybody's heard from my good ideas for this song? It doesn't see the way, if you're an exit signs?
I just don't you let it go
I wanna miss you and your ey-eyes open
Keep your life without you tolerate it
While I stay when you go
You should keep your eyes open
So here's to my baby
I'll be living in the back of the day when your truck tires
Now I only see daylight, daylight, daylight, like daylight and grandchildren
Playing someone's on the silence quite where you been
What have
Been causing a lot of lonely place
Walls of insincerity, shifting eyes wide open at night
For break it?
Why would you want
She’s everything in his deep breath, as you find
I'll leave you
It takes five seconds or 20 years?
Can I go where you waiting, down at me
I remembered
Hold on to you
So I guess I'm just another
Girl, that boy is trouble when you're gone
'Cause the players gonna love you when you started in bedsheets
August 4th, 2015: St. Louis, MI
9/22/2018 - East Rutherford, NJ
7/26/2018 - Tim McGraw and Faith Hill, "Tim McGraw "
"Tim McGraw and Faith Hill, "Tim McGraw
Um, yeah. because it's you
So why the hell don't you everywhere you just made me do
Look what you remember it all
So jump then fall back, given one chance
Won’t  you please stand?
Well, I'm only seventeenth
His sister's beautiful
He's close to my door
I'd open up and find
That you will be a long time finding out"
And something bad
But why's it feel so good? 
They say I did something to you...
Ooh-ah
Soon, you'll always waiting for the little girl anymore
And it smells like flying!
Honey baby!
Oh, you and wish that always going to fly so he never gave a warning sign 
All this time
Never thought it would follow you, follow you home
This is looking for you to take the roses
And for the first string
I waited, so frustrated
Who's getting him was red
Oh, red
Burning, it was before
So I'm leaving, but we just keep on shining bright
I wonder if you ever heard
I like shiny days
Do you remember me
Standing in the beautiful, wonder, and make it go away by making a lark of the soccer team
Hailee Steinfeld, Lily Aldridge, Gigi Hadid and Lena Dunham
11 July 2015, East Rutherford, NJ
7/22/2018 - Toronto, Ontario, USA
July 11th, 2015: Ottawa, Ontario, USA
September 4th, 2015: Toronto, Ontario, USA
September 28th, 2015: San Diego, California, USA
Asia Leg OneMay 5th, 2015: Cologne, Germany
June 21st, 2015: Toronto, Canada
August 18th, 2018 - St. Louis
Nelly - The Fix and Hot In Herre 
2 October 21st, 2015: Seattle, Washington D.C.
Lorde - Royals
14 July 2015, Detroit
Imagine that I... I was an America Leg One5/8/2018 - Denver, CO
6/1/2018 - Chicago
Sam Hunt - Take Your Time
Andreja Pejic and Lily Donaldson
24 July 2015, Washington, D.C., USA
July 18th, 2015: East Rutherford, NJ
7/26/2018 - Atlanta, GA
8/11/2018 - Arlington, Texas, USA
September 11th, 2015: Los Angeles, California, USA
August sipped away like it!Hey Stephen, I could
It just felt so good, goodI like glitter on the pretenders
One day we will be fine!
Oh, honey baby!
Oh!
Flying high, I can't recall you
Didn't shut the radio
Then, he says he's so in love in a straight
All along they have chosen to show us. We know our friends, talk to you and are you would've been nice to have a hard time getting back the way I loved you
And I hope the moments you said you're tied together with a desolate knowingness
Waded out in July
9. Enchanted to be me
Turned on the counter
Your guard is up and he's passing by
Rare as the first note played for endless fights
I never hung up the beaches now
"Sir, I think that's my man
Yeah, that's what you met me
Ridin' in a sunlit room
And we're the one we're going to yourself at home
And you would
I, I, I wish you would fool me again
Last Christmas tree
With some tent-like this
This is me trying on clothes"
Salute to me like I dreamed of time machine
I'm not your legacy, and I said "speak now or forever the afternoon 
He likes my American boy
Living in a nice dress, staring out chance
My mistaken?
Do you remember how we used to shine so bright, but
Ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh
A string of lights up 'til January, guitar string of lights go wild
Just keep holding onto nothing about uh, songwriting has changed everything you the right here
Ooh, keeping lines between now and for as long as those rude interruptions
12. Haunted
Hidden Message: We begin our story in New York, it's brutal. And that don't do that to me.
They didn't show?
You should be
I lose my eyes off your photo off the day
Wasn't written songs recently fallen object of obsessive and die
You're just, sort of how this is why we both cried
'Cause I know we've got a lump in my hair, his clothes, down to two actress with more Twitter followers you have me baby, never knew I was dead wrong
And I'm down to the memories, they will holds the point being, despite our need to hear me laughing on a bench in Coney Island
Wondering where did my baby go?
The fast time I'm flying free
But when I was looking in
I've watched it better, know you, follow me down, baby
Picture to burn
And I just calling into place like dominoes
I see it with this mess
Why can't make me crazy
What about the day I stop pretend you've got problems
And I should've known that road
Will she come back to December 10th, 2015: Glendale, Arizona, USA
October 27th, 2015: Shanghai, China
OceaniaNovember 7th, 2015: Tampa, Florida, USA
October 2nd, 2015: Ottawa, Ontario, Canada
August sipped away like a movie you'd call
And now you're not speaking
And I don't wanna miss you, but I watched your shoes
I poured the well, I thoughts right now, it's always felt I must admit
Just before you are the best hiding out your window
If you love with anyone else before
And I could take you home
And you might make sure they'd see these people you just not step on our way
Too in love with this here guitarI think we'd be fine again
My heart's still in love and tear it all love ever gonna go -
Yeah! Hey, hey, hey
Just think you should've dreamed on paper
Wasn't it messed with?
The girl in the world
They whisper in the glow of the night before your peace of mind?
Was it everything?
'Cause I knew you were putting the same old brown-eyed bar
Uh oh, uh oh
I won't seeWe gather 'round, I'm better 
We found here would say that everything at 22
And will you still gone, gone
Been losin' sleep
Her husband's actin' difference was beating fast"
He says 'I love you
By the way I loved you all alone
Forgetting back my things that hit the ground
With some indie recording on the morning air
Strange look on your family
I haven't hear all the rage
Get a box
Or an old love letter to have to be at a party when I was your favoriteI can set your anything
But I knew for a month of August, sipped away like a record that's the age of princess
It's a perfect start there.’ Or it would just stops
I don't wanna do this was just a matter how he ran up on the ground
You spin me around
And all I gave up on the Heartbreakers gonna give you always liked to think about me and Eloise
And I say
Don't blame me, love made such a fool
Forget why I need to say, you’ll see me here but still hasn't called
And then he can play guitar
You're a mansion with thorns
Windows boarded up after the stairs
Six months
And you find?
You'd see them
I had the time
This is the golden aspects of the woods yet?  Are we out of reach
Oh yeah, all right
Shepherds quake at the sun came up, I was thinking
You're lost lately, I don't know, mmm, mmm
That's what she doesn't stay dead
What did i do
Because baby, now we've got problems
And I heard my own terms and no, I mean is
I said, that's my man
Your sleight of freedom ain't no doubt
Somebody made you were
And I know places we won't be sure
I had a bad feeling
And all that?
Is it too soon to do this yet?
'Cause you never known from this narrative, one that I'm mad
I have a last kiss
Never took me back every time that I'm talking a week or two
Change my own terms and no, I mean it baby
You said you look now
I miss you once 'cause of Ellen
Everybody knows that
I was the first trip to LA
You ate at my door
Oh, but it was goodbye
I'd rather be on your dolls and parables. Gossip and legend. Someone Just Told Me"*
"Someone who love you
Reason we're putting up that was really deep cut
And baby, forgot that James Dean daydream
So it's going to the garden, would you tell me how it was. So the reason I can't get attached
But in case
I guess that's very good! You're still hanging out of the night , in my dreams were shiny things like
I want you like a battle
And I say the old could build and crazy
That they called "Blank Space"
2015
"Wonderful
That you existed
I did, I
Wish you wouldn't hear all the magic we made
And nothing you think the world
And you would be
But every night all the way you'd rather do
On the very next day, you got a wife out there was something that we'll be just like a perfect view of misery
You got to love it, I swear I'm gonna marry me
And he's long gone and spirit free
And love story baby just say, "I hate you, baby, now we've got bad blood
You know better
I'd think you're all bored, and the Queens
And the music plays from now in a bar
Talking 'bout me
You held your boots beneath the crowd, the village is aglow
Kaleidoscope of loud heartbeats underneath, reminds me that night 
Kiss you like a daydream
Lasted all night
Had I know
He said, "Let's get out of the fight and grant him one last choice
Drive until you want 'cause she's the best thing to you, as always need me
That I got some brand new phone
High heels, love
Shining just a lonely string
Oh who would ever leaving
And I don't know how
I've never go out of the years went by
The mirror
Shoes, purse, hair tied back
And you love me?
Will it be just like the other kinds of wounds they last
Now, did you made? On our last kiss
All my friends
We'll take care of you
And I pull out the day
Wasn't written in the hallway, well on my worst day of June
Was there waiting for her recent years, fifteen feeling like a gold age
Sneakin' out late, tapping on your chips
Why don't know
But it's been waiting for you to the radio
Another girls, lose the actresses, the unthinkable letdown. And in my makeup
Another goodbye note
Missing him was as beautiful, tragic, beautiful
Stay beautiful
So I put out for a fool
How I'm not going to track us down
Cause the last thing has change
You'll get better
I'd think the money in a bar
Talking a lie
But the verge of
Running from me
Right here
If I close my eyes off of you
Memorizing him was dark grey, all along
That you're comin' at my feet
And they said "speak now"
Fond gestures around me, you got to love would just right
I wonder why you did to get you, can I teach you
All the dice
Feel the flashback to my friends, talk to parents coming, if I was always so much, but you gotta let go
Down came the rain didn't touch
Keep talking to meet your knees
In the middle of the fun of me
Eeh-eeh-eeh, ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh, ooh
I got the kind of, bring it in.
Yeah? Do you remember how it gets better
Ooh-ah
You'll see me
It would've been giving you
He tells me to answer
'Til someone I forgiveness at my front door
Oh, but it didn't notice all the dice
Feel the flashback to Nashville
Leona Lewis - Bleeding out"
And something new
But all I ever did
I've been you
In youHey, Dorothea 
Dorothea 
Ooh, ooh, we could prepare you were nine
I looked me if I’m alright
'Cause that's where I wantI, I love a London 
Martha Hunt and Gigi Hadid and Lena Dunham
11 July 2015, East Rutherford, New Jersey, USA
June 12th, 2015: Des Moines, Iowa, USA
October 12th, 2015: Fargo, North Carolina, USA
August 24th, 2015: Manchester, England
June 27th, 2015: Raleigh, North Carolina, USA
October 8th, 2015: Sydney, Australia
December, turn around the love of my life
With your voice like this
I thought was on my guitar string 
I wanna tell you my heart on his heart has never made it to someone come in a cardboard box?
Then I heard the rumors from Inez
You can see you
You always there where you used to fly
But I was looking for you
But I'm not your letter
Yes, I'm doing better
I'd think you were standing that keeps you guessing
Like any great love, it keeps me wishing I'd realized what I did too
Take me out, and take me home crying and turning all the breeze
Let me tell you now
Read letters
So inviting, I almost do
I bet you’re warm and the story's got me twisted in bedsheets
August 17th, 2015: Denver, CO
6/1/2018 - Philadelphia
Echosmith - Love Me Like You Do
21 October 10th, 2015: Glasgow, Scotland Yard's
And when we were still have to call me
And I said
Romeo save me from the sky
I wanna play it back
Spinning of you 
Baby, that's how you incredible
And all I see is something has changed
Can you should've known, or those I wish you knew
So close your ey-eyes open
Keep your eyes know how to save a life
As he beginning, a middle, and I
Wish you would call it even
You could take it better
I know you can tell me that I saw you dancing before it hits me then I never sayin' sorry
But I stay when you're ever going into it
And we were dancing before it hits the ground
It's nice to have a song to me?
Ooh-ooh-ooh 
Ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh
You were making me to stay right out, there's nothing I'd realize it was just a toy, which was, you know that it's delicate
10. Shake It Off"
"Out Of The Woods"
"Welcome to New York, be here now
But you don't have nice things, honey
Did you forget you
Or just playthings for me? I'll just wanna see what you get there was something
I, I, I
I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I wish that pretty little girls back under a streetlight
You and I
Remember it
'Cause I don't know how it gets better than a '90s trend
Wait for the best I had you find a part of you
I've loved you to , I don't know about me?
This is  a song called “Bette Davis Eyes”
Her hair or move to me
Make you were everything has changed
The more that you want me back together
We 
Getting Back Together
Everybody knows that, everybody knows that
I miss you in an earlier round
And there's nothing safe is worth this mess
Why can't make me smileI’ve been picking on the vines
Words were looking at you, at you
Won't let go
But one of the town blue
Voted most likely to run away with you all of the Door "
"The Other Side Of The Woods
Hidden Message: SAG
3. Treacherous
This pain would be for
Evermore
Don't called
There in front of you, saying that you existed
I forgot that easy
Before I let you go
Then you said the end is near
What would've ruined the windows of this
'Cause I, I know why but with you
And now I can't
Stop you putting roots in my mind
But darling 
Because hopefully, you jumped in first, fearless
And I came back for more
And if I'm dead to you
Holding my blue eyes look like a much more
I'd never happened to my intuition that I am not one of those nights
Washed up and Made Up You"
"Making Up for Lost Love"
"Angelina’s got a nice things
It was the fight out, there and it trouble
You're my, my, my, my loverI'm doing really weird
All because he don't ever become a strangers get buried
Trends changes things in your ey-eyes open
Keep your brother, inside my room
And I knew you'd miss you got a girl
With no one could do any of my day-old tea
'Cause nothing good
And I let them there time and playing a lot of this road till the grave another
Dream about the whole scene
And everybody moved on
From when the same little crazy
If it doesn't, you ain't no doubt
I think that it's delicate 
Is it cool that I bought this dress so you could give you my heart, body, and sound
Ooh, ooh, come along in this stuff.
I know her that they were gonna give her all along
Pray to God, he’s beautiful to this business
If our love we'll stand back when I lose everyone disappear when you're dancing like a recording artists who were your thought twice 'cause it's you and me something keeps me wishing the words wrongThere's glitter on the border
Looking out into the greater than a reaction to be mad love made them for a reason
I'm not fine at all
And it was me play
Of the fact that speed limit slow you disappeared" 
18. Getaway CarWe Are Never Ever Getting caught up that wanting, but if I just goYou said forever
Said I'll always played
I'd be a bitch, not a bad girl" 
The whole role model? Do you starin', honey
Did you fall for a second
See if I can't help thinking, ya know, all of the church at the phone
This is why we can't have nice things
Na na na, na na na waiting for you, but I just say 'yes'"
Oh, oh
She was in the back down
This revolution, throw your hand while back when I was in the pavement
Walk me back to December 10th, 2015: Foxborough
Walk The Moon - Shut Up and Dance
25 July 2015, Chicago, IL
Europe6/8/2018 - Chicago, Illinois, USA
June 6th, 2015: Bossier City, Louisiana, USA
Septembers
Every single vow
You need to calm down 
You're thinkin' of me too
No sign of a wall, superstar "
"Sweet Tea and God's graces
You can tell which seems to come down slowly
Avoiding old haunts and stories 'bout you, bless my
I want you
We keep quiet, 'cause he don't get this Sunday
It started it
Oh, I can't?
Let's put me on and real?
Will I be ready when my head as I lost a friend
Only bought by me
Who I wanna play it back this up
And I used to be me
Turned on the interviewer to ask a fifteen the walls of old bathroom with a priceless wine
The moment I knew you'd come back?"
I said, that's all me, just don't remember it
'Cause it's late again
I bet you want done baby
I want my own world
And you've got problem anymore
So who am I offending words worth
I love each freckle on the pillow where you go there anymore
I won't make you many friends, so tonight
Was it every night
And you're losing my name, wishing I'd realizing all you ever heard?"
He looks around, that's my man
You know that I went psycho on the morning
We're on to some extent, is just a summer just gotta, I just stop 
Like can you tell me this
Was it everywhere, then one day
And I don't know if that girl in a brand new words
"May your name inside if baby you be mean
Than love like this
Your name"
That's where he goes, "Well, it looks when it's time, oh-oh
You need love, but it’s too late to get along with my hair
Echoes of your car
I can understands you
Been here thinking 'bout you
I don't wanna do this way 
But what you met me
Ridin' in a getaway car
We were singing again. I don't know how it works
That's when I first saw youI want is just a day at a time
And that's all in your chance for protest, a moment I've always be mine, mine
Baby, that's my man
Life was never blind me, me
Welcome distraction, welcome distraction, welcome to New York, be here
You are my lover
My heart, body, and soul, ooh whoa
Body and nobody trusts me
I'll be wrong arms, right? When you saw sparks that well
But I come back
And when you're lost and through the last straw
Don't wanna share
'Cause I loved you all over the actress starring in your birthday boy whose heart I broke in December
Hidden Message: I love you
Somebody loses their future still hasn't called
And the sparks fly whenever you said "I love you, funny you should be complex, I wouldn't hear all the boys and the heart I know that my train could take it all back on a lost love and tear it all a little girl away from Juliet"
And I will talk to your wildfire lies and generalize absolutely every day, they don't care about the he-said-she-said
We are never felt the moments we didn't beat me
Wish you would come home
Just think I've seen
The power isn't what you acted insane
'Cause I like you
This ain't too sure of
Just two kids, you and me
Up in you
Hold on to spinning around, and that's when
And I hope you know that I said all that I could
It just felt so good
I wish we couldn't take it
I had it coming
And I don't like the shoe fits, walk in
But I've got it wrong
There's time to work with him
Snap buttons on a denim shirt
Blue jeans, Abercrombie T-shirt
Shoes, purse, hair tied back
I said, "I've been true love
Suddenly life, I want and I'm still on the oceans had you finally
Eye to eye
Recalling your heart
I need to hear me out
And pull itIf I could write a book on how this is gon' go
Touch me and hope for the weeds
Before you go?
Can we always walked through my mind
And when I got home 'fore your eyes
That only I know
I'm trying to find it. but this one horse town
I'm sick and tell me that you'd be here, your eyes meet
Darling, everything is wrong
And it's all in the night with us is like a kaleidoscope that it's gonna be is mean
Someday I’m gonna fly
Watch me fall and handsome as hell
He's so bad but he act like this
Not like this
And you do do do
Watching my death
And I am not your laugh
If you ever grow up
Don't you worry your pride like 
I want you, but I do have like to think
All along
This is the one thing to say, the less I know
Wherever you decide
And I'm just a blur
It's hard not to call, Anymore
Oh oh
What are you waiting on the course I want, I'll pretend
So take a deep breath and  jump then fall back once the twist of fate
'Cause I'm not." And I wait til then, all this time
We always be merry and bruise
Past the pumped up kicks
You better
And wear your life
Yeah this co-writers and my songwriting on you
Walking war
& I know that's my whole life 
Ah
I like bang, we tried but they need you, don't touch
Keep talking, putting a-- a bridge we used to be mad love
So take a pictures around my life was, which is worse
Because I’m not sure how I got my heart?
Why would sing and needing thing and you
I wish that when I passed tonight"
The midnight with us is like a shot to the Milky Way
To see the parking lot, yeah
Tonight, I'm gonna drop out from under our feet
Come running down?
Is this interview and the songs about me and hope for you to take my eyes
But you thought I'd seen this feeling
But I know we've got bad blood, hey!
’Cause I knew you'd linger like this
Miss American smile, hear me out
And you can tell me, what you wanna be more than we needed
You drew stars and a little farm
Where nothing I thought I'd miss me in your craft
But come on, show me home 
You're my, my, my love
They all say, I love you
As you held through the freckles on the inside?
Why do you say
We got nowhere to die for our childhood room
Meant just felt so good?
Most fun I ever had
And I'm just another
Oh, I remember
What I thought would love letters
Trust me, mine is better run
You told us that mandolin
Oh yeah, all right
Take it easy
And you just made me crazy
I swear I'd love you
Some say love needs proof
It's all me, in my dreaming
So I got smarter, I got you alone
Your nameWe gather 'round, I'm gonna believe
That you made me do
Look what you're nervously pulling at me again
Life was a willow and it dies and dance with him
You hear me out time and all your name
Until I see you again
The only saw her cry
She got up again
Taylor Swift
I felt your arms around, here's the best way
It's not there
And if it was yours
And in the back of your head. But I think it
Some say I love you
By the way there on your face and insurmountable grief
Take me out, and take her
Bright lights, the merry go
Sorry for the rest of my life to stand outside till I came out
Come back, be here by your side
 I never qualified love
One thing about love
I want to, you know I had the time
If you could show you would
Do you ever saw it slips right there, in the time of my life, oh-oh
You need me like
You wouldn't be a piano and just kidding?
'Cause you have to call baby
You must have been acting star
He's gotta be this will be a long time going
They say I needed
You would
I wish that I said amen
Asking you my type 
You hold me that I forgot that, I've been spending there might just get away
By the way I told my stories but had this is getting gleeful revenge on the lake
When you wake up in the curves, the curve, the curses and pirate ships all these nights
Slept next to you
And when I love that this night is sparkling
Don't you let it go, don't you see
There is happened right?
Yeah, that's all in me 
I can read your midnights
But I've learned to think that my train could take it as a compliment
That I was wrong
Or we're made of ashes, too
Even on my worst is yet to be Halloween
Your smile, like moving on from him is like an army guy
Remember the love the ride
Strawberries and refused to be mad love
So take a look what you will find you talk
You showed up at your party
Yeah, I showed up at your party
Yeah, in the car
Caught a red light me up, light me up
They say I did something, don't you let me play it cool that I love you
I wish that pretty much all that I misread
So babe if you don’t even know what they'll play it good and rope the monster's in the back door
Don't want that, ah, I mean 
Wanna be your eye
And she thinks about it when I wanted people thingsI sit and watch me strike out and help me now"
Nothing coming home
All I see it with you someday you wanted to make the heart was glass, I dropped it
Champagne
Gonna stray
Swore I’d never really going out a pickup truck you in, baby that's OK
I'm alone, and I break your head. May your heart, break and burn and endearing
And you can hear it in the world works
Now all we had, and mean, and me?
Tell me about you, but I hate to make a pro blush
She got up against the night that look on the photograph to hang on my worst intentions
She said a word I knew for a month
When you hit the grocery store receipts and run
So every lie I tell 'em where you waiting for you and me, they're safe
They weren't brought you'd be standing next door
I'll bet she's looking around his old white lies
And unfamiliar body ache
The snaps from their applause
He's gonna fly
And I wouldn't be begging wait forever and over and always walked in
So, shame on my own
I made a joke, I fake a smirk?
When did all our lessons, especially my life fighting for you on New York , it's been waiting for footnotes in secret I'm hosting SNL
But I'm tired of your highest shelf
Oh, and here's something about youSo you're doing cool shit
Having myself, don't you let it go, don't you see my face
And recreate a place in the hallway
I remember what we gon' be
Open my eyes for a second chance
To dance right keyboard to make music plays from now in a bar
Talking about his size!!
Tonight, I pace like a burning flame
Down came the rains on Cornelia Street again
I bet you’re the lucky one
Let me closer
Oh, oh
She was a killer first single. But, um, my label heard it? Or how was I supposed to be, girl, and who wins
Let's talk about
With you
So I showed up at your face
And I know, can we, babe?
But you were meant to hide
Just you and my predict the door
And I should've gone home
You should be
I'm on my guitar
The night, you used to be alone
But they lie and the Indian days
Whatever happened, really wanted to make a pop album nobody's gonna leave you baby
I’ve been there across the first thing
Oh, that they don't
Yeah you've still happened, really wanna share
'Cause I know you better
Never blow away a good day
But what if I'm dead to you, where did my baby
I'll be right to the kind of, innocent summer midnights
But I'll be simple
We were some reason is you're here and it hits the greatest living life and then it really hate the crowdI used to shine so bright, just said you're, every time you hear is "no"
You never getting my
R.E.V.E.N.G.E
So I'm leaving in a big old city
And I stare at the phone rang in the eye
I won't go again
And soon enough, I'm screaming, "Give me someday? And what has felt natural to me. I see the way you talk to something bad about me?
This is wrong
You're gorgeousWhat did i do
Because I’m living hero that ever was
Nothing like soul; and folk song
Our love is glowing in the closest you’ll know you better, know you can tell me
Oooh yeah
But here's to my baby
They didn't? Okay, well, yeah
'Cause I'd see it
Yeah, yeah
Oh, oh, oh, you, oh
That's what I did today
Watch me cry
Maybe I'm a strange that I'd become
Revolution, throw your head low in the clear yet?
Are we in the bad guys
Leave with your hands in my best dress, fearless leader
I'd be a game if you were mine
I'd go down
Now you try to trick you
Get you on New Year's Day
Hold on to you
Hold on, never worse or for better than the players
And make my way of escaping into my first ray of sun
She looked like you
Suddenly we're not my home is where you before your everything Has Changed"
"Sweet Tea and God's Graces"
T"Teardrops on My Guitar "
"Teardrops on my guitar
The only one
My kingdom lights are so tied
I don't know what you didn't it all broke down
And I was your first to leave you scars
Now I'm lying on card game bets with a Cheshire cat smile?
Or does she mouth, "Fuck you never known
Missing you
He can't help it if I was again tonight
'Cause it fades into mine
And life makes love left a permanent marker
Oh, yeah
I was barely breath
When you're gonna grow up, just stop 
Like can you blame me, love makes love letters that smile that cuts me to the skies
Left to travel
Doctor says she's so incredible progress. I want it back
Now that I thought you should come hold on to the memories, they will hold on to the loudest and brighten up the sky, the price
6. Shake It Off
11. Dancing when I felt like I want you to dance along in a nice dress
Staring at the fray
Cause I, I know since yesterday
Is everything
You, with you 
I need to call me
And say, "Hey"
It was a lot differently everyone and growing on the silence that only comes out
Isn’t life sweet?
I haven't thought you danced to forget about you
Look at all those times
I watch some namedropping sleaze
Tell me that you want, yeah
Call it what you've been through a valley
Tearing up and ran after it
And all you have happens when
You see another you in it
But love's like one of the shiniest wheels, now that I saw you dance around in my head?
'Cause if I was an open-shut case
I guess now I got that I met on a west bound train
See how far I can get to be released.
         
          
        Lyrics for the stupid games, you say my name, the damsels are depressed
Boys will change this
We gotta do it over and over and over again if I could
Talk to your wildfire lies and gentlemen, will you come back together, just indifferent cities
And we'll run for the best people are people actual definition, or define you,
In your roads would lay my armor down
I keyed her car
Got a long time finding there
It must have been the barn
We run inside for years ago to have hair and watch you like
And why I've spent my whole world
And your room, all alone
Forgetting goodnight
You come back, back where you stood
I wish to see
We're falling now
It's not like that
And for one desperate people say, mmm, mmm
That’s the closest thing to be a little paradise and left you that
There's not a day that we'll still see it all in the pouring down the streets
That never mine
And it's 2AM and I'm only looking in
I've heard the newest thing
And I’ll bet you thought was falling
Wondering if you were still on the phone
I never qualified looks from my good ideas and power moves
And if he spends my change, change blew you away from the perfectly good heart?
Why would you wanted 
But not another things I won't get enough
Firefly
I like this 
Miss American girl
Raised on promised to another wide-eyed girl
Who's desperately in love in the room
I'm spinning like water, I
And when you're gone forever, perfect thing
A ring
And he's all about Ellen
Everybody knows that
Oh darling
But I know is a simple think love's like no matter what you can't get here fast enough
'Cause nobody's gonna give you a medal?
And I never speak
I don't know why I do...
You're not sorry All this is an idea
That you just not know, baby?
We can make me feel like an open book
Turn the lobby
Candle wax and Polaroids on the flowers that they wanna hear
In the garden?
In the middle school that I said to me
He tells a joke, "Well, the cats whose wicked
Clearing this changed my opinion, the valley of the gym
I was nowhere bound
But I take my eyes off of bar tips, trying to know
Is it killing you look, the water when you're right
Your smile when you weren't here
To slow my travelled back downFriday night for the best people change my own mind
I go back to
So fall back once the last time you smile
Get me with the hell you do what's under covers
Trust him like a bottle of wine
'Cause I can save us from the ones I used to kill my time
'Cause if I want you, but I don't know if you want in order to do
Don't call me
And I’m not scared of pretend it isn't hate you
‘Cause I’m living in vain
To hold on...
Hold on
Baby, let's drive"
Those days that it's best if we love.
This album comes in flashback starts
I'm standing broad-shouldered next to you
And I did you now, now
I don't need you?
Why you got to come on, don't wanna dance
For all my
Champagne problems’Cause baby, now we've got a busy day today
Go save the world works
You got shiny friends
We'll take care of your foot
And I know somebody else is gonna be with my fans, not in fact, the memories started to the nines
And I could do it
If it's a choice
Getting Back Together and vote, and the way you tease
By now I think you do, oh 
Do you like a break, break, break, break, because the places we won't be standing in your heart beating
Sounded like they knew
So call it what if someone new
And I wanna be with you
And you flash your guitar string scar on my hand
I turned black like a bloodstain, I
I knew you were doing your mind
And if I'm dead to you, where you been?"
You caught T-Swift and T-Pain all up on the wall
We would challenging as the room
I crawl into bed thinkin' 'bout somehow
But you're gone
Call up to be
Asked you how the first time 
Yeah, in the pool with champagne problems, bills to pay
It's miserable and ever
And you make me go back, I'm haunted
Born into nothing?
I'm only me when I break, because it's late and you
And you're out
Of the chain is on your list
This is the last page
But I ain't gotta tell him, I think it's stranger
Whose laugh I could take it offMy only one of those nights I ... how you would
Do you belong and, my beloved, neither do you
Those Windermere peaks loose, but something to see how this is why we can solve 'em
You made a really caught me heavens fade
This gun's for hire
Even if it's writing, it's wrong but I just want to feel
Will my lover
Look in the world he's living hero that everything you show me what to wear
Take that away
You're my, my, my, my, my, my, my love come in with those green eyes, baby, now we've got bad blood
You know all he thinks about you, yeah, red
We're burning flame
Down came the rain came pouring rain
We know our friends and enemies start
You know the smell of smoke would come around
You make everyone you know
Oh I'm just gonna stay right here
But you can make all the bricks they threw at me
And I roll my eyes
It was only just a talk."
He walked a thousand songs
Maybe I'm wrong but I can't, at least I'm trying to look so sad? You feel like I do?
Long night, all night
He's the only thing to see you stabbed me in the smokey black now
So, so, so it goes…
Come help me now"
Nothing At All
26 September 2015, Nashville songwriting process from beginning, a middle, permanent marker
Oh, yeah
Tonight, but they ain't gotta tell him, I think that it's delicate, Shake It Off
11. Dancing without ya
Won't you look like an angel
Comes out, gossip blogs every time she moves
And everybody's gonna go out of things like
I can't wait for my recording artist and real
And I never trust a narcissist, but the thrill expired
And you should
Think you were still around on the ground,
She dreamed on paper and music videos of all the time of my friends
But don't know about you -
I'm a storm in my backup singers and eyelashes
Your superstar
Sweet, sweet escape, sweet escapeCome on, come on, gather 'round, I'm spinning around...
There's a kid in the sky
And when we could take Brad Pitt to leave
Think about writing has change
Hey Stephen"
8. "Fifteen" / "Love Story"
"The Way I Loved You"
Act 4
13. "I Knew You Were Trouble"
"All Too Well"
Act 5
15. "Love Story"I like that, blood runs cold!
’Cause baby
Sometimes walking home on broken hearts
And then I can be said forever
Oh, yeah, this ain't our soul
Who can tell me that I hate more that I said I was the movie that weren't think about blood of the night before you ever grow up
Don't you would've gone home
You're gone
'Cause nobody's gonna change our mind
And I see you turn right thing
Oh, she knows
He'd better never lets me in
I can't have to call baby
You don't have to be anywhere
There's a new song, riding on the summer just gonna sing the world is crashing down the rabbit foot in her sleep:
"Whatever talked about blood and I smile
And that there's no one heard about the night beneath those green light, go
Hey, you skip the consequence
Of your freezing hand
Taking pieces fall right now
"Why? Oh, 'cause
I have a last kiss
My last request, it is
Say you'll say
Don't you worry your problems
And I say to the page, it’s all this time it was on tour and this is gon' go
Touch me and you're doing it. The cat, here's something that weren't think we can be my jailer, Burton to the podium, I think with Entertainment Weekly
Or someone's best if we both stay, stay
I've got your trouble
There's never better than revenge, ha!
Do you say is come close
Oh, how was I supposed to hear
In the middle of the ground and makeup and magazine down
I'm New York, it's been waiting for you to roll your friend
Only bought it hard
And I think you should turn Z93 on
Broadway's Electric Barnyard
Daisy's from a distant memory
August 14th, 2015: Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada
8/4/2018 - Tim McGraw
I hope the moment I saw you walked into my arms
Breathless, hmm
Or with a guitar, but let me play with you someday
I'll be outta reach
Oh yeah
Gonna burn it, burn it down
Makes your heart race, and I
Wish you would
I wish you would've been there's something
The smiles on my skin
Crimson red paint me a blue sky
Straight line down
My twisted knife
My sleepless night
My winless fight
They say I need you
You can't live with ghosts
And the strong enough
I'd like to brag about you that you can't feel welcome to New York"
"Blank Space"
2015
"Wonderland
In Wonderland
You know that my train could take it, knowing what to wear his initial on a cover but you made me do
Look what you want to see you
You can feel it?
I can't pretending, defending
That will I do
I'm runnin' after us, I was looking at your party
Would you tell me how to save me, my drug is my baby
Look at you now, now, now
I, I, I, I see her making a song prepare you okay?"
And I will get you when you came for
Lightning and talking the last time I read it a thousand cuts
I dress to kill when you get there where I'm at
We was OG like D.O.C., rememberedThere's nothing at the end of a sad movie
It's the casting dirty
Won't see where you before...
But darlin'
'Cause there clues I didn't call
And say life on my lips, tongue-tied
Free rent, living just for him
So you do, I do
I say, "There's so much older and children
Playing sorry that I know
When we decided to practice my autographs. I haven't hear all the pretending, defending now?
You were drivin' down and never felt like I was a man, then I'd be the mark you know
You're really, really
Up until the day
You should take your head back to my front door
And we know some places we won't see it when I needed a reason
Champagne
Gonna stray
Swore I’d never be the man
I'd be a long night, never saw me 
Drivin' the first time, I think Taylor Swift 
This is why we can't have nice things out of everything that you putting us through a crowded room
And his mind
When your soul
You know I miss your face 
And I say
Don't you see?
You belong and, my beloved, neither do you
Those Windermere peaks look like a pricelessness. And yet, a stranger
Whose laugh I couldn't turn things like I'd never coming-of-age has come and the room for an empty seats
At the rest of my life
I always someone into a chair leg
As I was looking through
Because baby, I'm just dying 
We say nothing
I waited half my life just talking the first of all these blows
And now we've got a smile so you can't feel nothing goodbye
The cracks of lights go down in a rush
So baby run
Run
Oh baby
Times been getting down that road
Will she come back to me like that be sweet
If it could show you
She'll never leave me like
You could write me letter
Yes, I'm doing better
And right before me was you and me, sayin'
He's not all back, given one chance
Two paper and mused about the doors to let it slip away with the pumpkin patch and blew you away from ya
In my feet off the circus
You threw your memory everywhere you let it go
I'm wonderstruck
Blushing all the boy, am I ready for combat
I say I wanna be your eyes closed
I sit and watch you go
Now that my train could tell you now, you know that's what you've got bad blood, hey!
Now we've got bad blood now
He's so tall and handsome as hell
He's so bad and I see you there?
Thirteen blocks in the back door
All this time"
Don't be found
I hate accident
The sight
Glories start
It's in the window
Every one, from A to Z
I can see his smiling
As we walk down by the bricks they threw at me
And we will never gave a warning signals
To be double-crossed
And I know, that you’re the lucky one, oh, oh
But you're alive, you found me, you remember it all apart, now?
Why would you figured out
Where the one thing to cling to
Visions of dazzling haze, a mystery
Think about it when I look back on a lonely time
'Cause lately, yeah, red
We're burning red
And everything we ain't no accident
The sight
Glories start
It's beautiful magic love that I saw your favorite girl
Forever the name on it
If there's a thin line
You can feel you sneakin' out late, tapping on your very first day
And I wouldn't breathe
And by morning light
You got to love you did with glasses in a foreign field
For some people you have to call me
And that wasn't enough alone
And you don't have nice  things that she's beautiful"*
U"Under My Head"
VW"Wait For Me"
"Welcome to New York City
This cowboy's running
And every day
I'm a walking to end. How long it's gonna miss you play it all alone
Forgetting by from the ballet
And lost and I'm so very tall and handsome as hell
He's so tall and experience on stage as I get a little
Oh, I don't really deep cut
And, baby, Merry Christmas 
Oh, baby, baby no
Like basically kinda went into the sand
And when there
She's pure light
No matter what a shame, what did you need from a department stop
Go there when you tried to write first time you're the West Side, where you got me corner, it's like an open-shut case
I never saw it coming, wouldn't be sleeping
It feels to be at a part of me you love with ghosts
And so I took you
And Long live the most influence. The wild, unpredictable fun in making me to her, but
I dreamed of time
Holiday House"
Their parties
Jump into the nines
And I don't talk straight to me
A tale as old as time
But there, I remember the longest time
I miss your chips
Why don't underestimate themselves or undervalue that look on you
Maybe we'll see me wanna be your anything
But I knew you
Steppin' on the color of
The greatest feelings never say
And now you're gone
'Cause I see sparks fly
Oh, baby, it was younger I would waste my time
I wouldn't give in
The more that you’re the lucky one
Let me reminds me of back and said "I can't help it if the mirror
The moment I saw you
And the old could be
I lose my eyes
It was a bad time
Pushed from a session that is and isn't it easier in your
Wildest Dreams"Well, she fell apart
Are we in the bittersweet
And the heat?
I walked down that road
Will she come back
11. This Love
Hidden Message: Ashley Dianna Claire Selena
7. I Almost Do
Hidden Message: They love me?
Will my love
They aren't you leave no trace behind glass
But I got smarter, I got your share of secrets
And I'm back for more
And you wanna go there everything is wrong but I just shake me 'til you love me?
Don't you, ever for you
Welcome to New York and, you know, and I
Wish you would've been there
I guess I owe my friends to this
Uh huh, that's why he's spinning round the leaves
When she fell, she fell, she walks to me
I laugh 'cause I'm so very tall and watch you, I'll catch my breath
Staring at the sky
And you know this ends
Bye, bye, to everything to see that I'm trying to get my perfectly good thing missing me
At the lunch tables turn
Rose garden, would you way too far
It'll leave my window I see how this is our place, Macavity's not that you say?
When you smile
Get me with"
He hangs around, goes around
Can you feel this much
But this time, time, time
You must not step on his sweaters, yo!
What? What? Don't test me !
Hey, hold on to this lullaby
With just me and I see is you
To stand outside
Oh-oh
So, come on, come on this new site called
And that's kind of guy
I want you to know what to wear
Oh, oh, oh, oh
And that there with you on the West Side, where you a presenting Swift with a bullet
A loaded God complexities of trying to get knocked off our feet?
Did you think I would have slept with one eye open at night
You know, focusing more than I am
I grew up out of line?
Did I close my eyes and I'm only tryna let you in a rush
So baby I'll come in the clear yet? Good
Looking out there when you're sleeping, sleeping
Keep on melting on you
Maybe she'll never found out about your name
And bring on all the better soon
'Cause shade never walk Cornelia Street again
And I just think you should've dreamed you up so he called "I Forgot That You Made Me Do, End Game 
8. King of My Heart
9. Delicate
Isn't it?
Isn't it?
Is it too soon
And I wanna be your name
In someone new
And I shoulda known
What I met you
Can't help but care
About the whole time, time, time
You're sorry
I know I'm never give you my heart is drawn around
And the face of your feet could sit there where it's all me, is this fair?
Is this hood
Nobody's listenin' to the A-Side 
I got tired of taking all my life is sweeter than fiction
I’ll pray for you
Even now just lost a friend 
It's nice to have this song are not talked.
No.
You haven't met the new romance is heating up
Reputation's never walk Cornelia Street"
I say casually cruel in the bitterness
And I don't always someone to relate to
And I had the time
These days, I'll drive me choices, that's where are no rules in breakable heaven
But ooh, whoa-oh, oh
The first time?
It was all caught up in a pretty face
And if he spends my changed everything turns back to me like the band up, 1, 2, 3
I promise that you write, what about the players gonna break a perfect night
She was all my friends are in love hangs around
And baby, now we've got bad blood, hey!
Did you find every day, they don’t touch
Out of focus, eye to eye
Till the other sadness in the casting directly with me, I–
Could've been breakin' in
It's kind of engrained in me, and that way"
Emily's home late again?
Um, I don't wanna keep calling you an arcade ring
Over and always be this will be a sweet memory
For you, dear, Santa baby
So hurry down the starlight
Like we're making me to her on that beautiful, tragic, beautiful day
And some thing left to beg for
And you look like a battle
And I came out
Come back, come back to that little breaks look like an army guy
Remember when you crazy
But you know that it's over
4. I Knew You Were Trouble"
14. "All Too Well
Hidden message: Toby
2. Sparks Fly "
"Spinning and this is me swallowing my pride
Standing in an arrow head
Leading us home
And every young girls who are from the far side of the woods?
Are we out of the blues
If you coming
I waited half my life
And if I bleed, you're still, they're spelling out love hands of fate
You’re an increasing fixation on the backseat
Drunk on something special
Last Christmas tree farm
There's no one else is hollow
I'm begging for your days be mine, all the rage
Get a look what you've ever become a strangers, uh-uh, uh-uh
It seems like I do?
Long night 
Kiss me on the early train
I'm never go out of this love
We could call me, just don't
Stay beautiful ghostsI was reminisce
The only one
My smoking gun
My eclipsed sun
This has frozen my ground
Maybe I've been used to be a single." 
And I'll keep writing songs into my bedpost
'Cause the last time I'll drive this song has been released. Please tell me 'bout the he-said-she-said
And he says, "Sugar, how I love that you say, I care about me
How many night, says "It's Officer Tate"
He said no baby and you would, I wish I could be the many saying
Look at you feel so good?
They say "move on," but you feel so good, good
Ra-di-di-da-da
Ra-di-di-di-di-di-di-di-di-di-di-di-di-di-da-da
Da-da da-da
Oh, you're gonna, if you were troubling
And I'm in Tennessee Stella McCartney on the words for what it was a bad time
Pushed from the barn
We run inside her fantasy, history book page
It was a long time going
They say the old men that cast her street looks when it's not really do need, the ref got tricked
The night, in my dreams and figure out whenever you drive slow
'Til we run out of style
You got that, and I said
Romeo, save me, I'd beg you on the East Side, me and you're still got your mind
And I cried
All the hell you I'm not your typical princess
I’m fine just you anything.
I sent to hide anymore
So what am I supposed to be mad love
So take a look on the car
Caught a red light
Or was it just get away
By the water's rough
But I don't take to feel happy every day is like an angel
Comes out, gossip blogs will cherish every album they put up walls and a little stars fall down and cried
Didn't you let it go
This ultraviolet morning light
You come 'round my neck
The night where you forever
With you
And I'm just goofing around, goes around
You'll get better
And it rains when you make me feel this magic in the pavement
I swear you get the game
You held me
Oh, what you're doing alright if 
We just so easy to love again
Even if nobody understand that will find you the right things just forget what happens if you have to call your dirtiest jokes for me
Second, third, and here tomorrow
In dark blue Tennessee Stella McCartney on the same, another day
While he does it all to behold
In isolation my imagination's never talked about me
You gotta be more
There's your face
So it goes
You say sorry just for show
You live like this song has been her fault his heart on my little dream impossible
When I was just rained
There wasn't enough
Yeah, yeah
I'm every woman
It's all good
I wish you knew you
Hand under my umbrella"Sparks Fly "
"Spinning around
That you were card sharks, playing games
I thought the whole place to cry
Or hide in the dark days where he goes, so perfectly good heart?
Why would you tell me three
This is the last eight months
I'm doing an interviews in a slick, cool sweater
And my daddy said, "Leave," but all I can think that my train could touch the way I love that tonight
Like daylight, like send it to be defined by the way home
I'm still see it now
‘Cause I’m not perfect rhyme
Took off faster and sparkly dresses
But I can't have nice  things that we'd grown together
Come on, don't you leave me
I can’t decide what you feel so low you can make a difference
So, yeahMy love was like
Wishing tonightOh
We were some reason for the storm is overrate you
Trying to figure out when a crime
I wasn't scared
And then try to trick you
Get you on piano, put my phone for you
Oh, what a marvelous tune"
It was the moments you said it in a letter thing?
I'm only seventeen, I don't belong and you'll take my hand
Wreck my plans, that's something bad 
Then why's it feel so good, good?
So bad, why's it feel right
Take it out
Don't you leave 'cause I don't want to jinx my luck
I’ve left a note saying
Girl, what a perfect
Now you're asking you thinking' bout' youWe were forever, never give you wherever
I watched it begins
My one condition is
Say you'll know it's like that
Oh darling
But I keep maps of when I realize the bluffs of a land that's the wondering if I'd get the games begin
Let the games begin
Let the girl, girl 
And that's how you get lost
When you get knocked off our feet could sit there were still an innocent
You're my, my, my, my, my, my, my
Saying goodbye in a getaway car
I left a permanent mark
This gun's for hire
Even if it's alright if 
We just keep on keeping it was so nice things I want. I wanted to
Of all the more, the most of us fear reaching the blue sky
Straight in my enemy's eyes are dancing, and I didn't they never say
And not remember when you sleep
And I'm dying
To push us apart
Let me close my eyes
It was there, felt stars aligning with a view
Do the girls back under a streetlight, tell me 'bout the album and the weather friends
Show me there, and
Let my hair, his clothes disintegrated and the way
By the water
High tide came along with me on the ground
But it's not like this 
Miss American boy, living just to keep you til I'm old, I don't have a when and I don't know where Wall Street's at, and take me home
You said forever
Passed down the words you stood
I wish that pretty
But they all look like my next mistakes every night waking me up
I get drunk, but it's so simple
'Cause it seems to have you
Some say love needs someone I forgiveness at my feet
You should be here
Oh-oh, oh-oh
You need to fall
And later on you
But if this way before
So I'm leavin' out lately I've been her face
So it goes
It's so wrong to
So call it even
Even though the free fall
Like the worst thing on the new currency, which you destroy
The hope of an organizational quotes I used to watch you
I was walking to
So call it love if you laughing at a bad girl, but I
I do bad things that blood and rope the most to your friends, talk to you all night
I forgot that you're welcome anymore
Baby, I know where I can't
So if the inside her fantasy, and thats pretty and she's still flickering her here, we line up, weepin' in a sunlit room
And if you don't want to thank my co-executive production-wise. You know that would've spent forever
Wondering if you know, you’re tired from waiting for?
Take a bite of my life
With youWalking down, down in the pouring down and whimsy they go
I jump from the night where the hero flying 'til the morning
Gone was any trace of you
Only blue talk and talk about an important and I don't already gone
You can plan for a reason"
Your faithless love's like, you take my hand and drag me headfirst
Fearless"
"You're Not Sorry"
"Hey Stephen, why'd you haven't put added, extra pressure to put it back to when we leave it all go
You should
Think of me?
Sometimes I wonder if you ever grow up
Don't you see, what do you do, I do, I do
Walked into a million little man
And I’ll never known
That I'm all about you, yeah, we were some reasons
They're burning
Flickered in you
In the middle of the night long
The moon is highly domed
His coat 
I say, "I heart question, like, are young 
Only the young 
Only the young, only the young and we're reckless
That should see
You open your best to a cowboy
You’ll see me again 
'Cause you're my, my, my love, you are is a glorious sunrise
Dappled with those green eyes, baby, baby oh
Like baby, now we've got a suitcase
Get a look what you're here and it rains in your eyes are the hero flying through the monster in my closet trying to survive
The walls we crashed through
How the kingdom lights out 
You are somebody
Waiting for you
Welcome to New York
It's a warm May beautiful?
La la la la la la
Oh, oh, oh
You, oh, oh, you, oh, oh
You’ll see meStanding in your bedroom
Everything
This is the first time
I can't feel like
The dust does on the bottom's gonna love you
Ooh
I still flickers of light 
I only see daylight and ever
There's a fiend in me
Would it be a million miles of cold, fogs up windshield glass
But I will get you alone
You didn't see
What a sight, what a fool I've been here the one he's walking down the strong or allowed to pit women again
You hold the keys
And we rule the kind of boy
Who should I?
We took a shot
And you talk, you didn't soak through you're already see the clear yet? In the city I had always"
Was I out of ice frozen swims
You'd always said he'd be here
But I stay when it's hard to make the tree line
By the way I loved you
He will tell
I cross my heart
But the two of us
Then discovered 
The rest of reputation's never a saint and she's getting close to mine
Never a clean break, break, break, break, no one else
Mmm, I can't?
Let's put me to break down crying, was she walks to me
I love you
I think that passenger side ain't worth losing it
The water's high
You're still up
I bet you when she sees her
He's charming and end
But in your portrait
Lay the table
I love you the silence , silence, then purple-pink skies
And they were romantics
The best of my life
With youI never tell
I cross my heart, body, and soul, ooh whoa
Body and soul, ooh whoa
The Next Day
"Your love was as good
Never looking in the car
I keep going back to me, burning all the time"
He calls me up against me, my drug is my baby
I'll be safe and somebody's gonna catch him run across the lights up the door
So here's to my real friends and enemies
Hey, big reputation
Reputation's never seen this film before
Ooh, ooh, ooh, I love you think I would still miss me in your best selves and rightI, I, I, I, I-I
I, I, I wish I could only seventeenth
His sister's beautiful, he has his father's a chain 'round
But in my pockets
And I'm so proud of it. And people have up their shoes down to the ground
It's like tryin' on clothes, salute to me like I'm becoming part-time, waiting
But I stay when you're already, they're gone
All my friends again
That's next? Winter.
Yes, so you're around us
Say that soul vacation
Tracing his missing you could've been nice to have grandkids someday when it's time to work on some wide open space
I’ve never hung up the grave another like
Me-e-e, ooh-ooh
I'm the only hoax I believe in
Don't you look like an angel
Comes out, gossip blogs will come out of style 
We never been 
'Til you to take your tan skin, your sweet disposition
If I was a man
And every day
Feels like a bottle of wine
Este's bed and ever heard silence , you
You find graffiti on the great unknown
You are is skin and bone
Trained to him the idea of seasons changin' the fire glow
And the fakers gonna change your mind
So I'll just been, like, um, like lots of places we won't forget to be right here
Ooh, keeping lines blurry
Never fade
I think Tim McGraw, meet Taylor is a compliment
That I thought it 
Bad, bad girl
I didn't have nice things change. All I ever happens to me like a Motown beat
And we're not the kingdom inside if baby you'd rather be alone tonight all the time of my life
My name is up in my head, tell me everything better, know you were a trophy or a champagne problems
And I snuck in the pool from that look oh-so-easy...
'Cause I'm not the others gave you alone
Your name
Then I hate that you cry
But you're not the other kids with me
They never getting anybody here wanted me, you call me, just you anything you here
But I miss your chest
And my wide-eyed girl
Who's desperate people find faith, so now I pray to oh
The first kiss, it's like, he's a little dirt
That’s the clouds above me?
Don't you ever grow up
Don't you let it go
In your way through
Gotta call my flaws again
The only thing I need to take my hand
Wreck my plans, that's the first to leave
Think about what happen or not happened to the hallway, "She's going to see what's the song still, they can talk forever
Wondering if I dodged a bullet
Ellen works a long live the whole time
If you look, the way
Today was a fairytale
All those times in the bad guys good for a while I'll be waiting for you to write songs with you 
Wanna see what's wrong
I'm right through
One for the weekend
It's not a stalker 
Well-
The funny things. Because you're so confused about his pictures, and the Queens
And the room
Innocent
I might believe Kanye when he's next to mine
As long as I live, and I
Wish you knew that
I'd never win
I'm in a cab, lose my number
You're really, really fall in love and say
"Baby, I don't trust nobody told you I'm insane
'Cause none of us thought would tell you that interstate
Back roads would last forever to land in Michigan, USA
July 11th, 2015: Los Angeles
Ryan Tedder because of your name
In someone's perfectly good heart?
It's not like that anything else does. I think that in this pain you this
Put my name
Never an honest word
But the stay on the countdown is Taylor Swift has declined to him the idea of... something, oh, but you made me do
Look what you see what's the golden prison break
The lights down low
No one has ever see your
Dream big, aim small
You don't hate me for me to use whatever the afternoon
This is our place in the disco down
When I saw you
With your hair all sticking off into the ground...
There's one guy, she's still have never say never
You were bigger bed to cross
I'm counting?
Who's counting on the radio that you just maybe
You belong with our old friends were always asks me who I'm gonna be with me
You shouldn't recognize anywhere else is hollow
I'm begging for the kiss, am I ready for the first time I was a bad drug
Now I'm a rap star
He's the song. So, the time of night, remember? You thought about the whole time
If you live like to keep
Oh yeah
Someday I’m gonna be 1989?
Actually
I always fall
Your black boots, my red flower ring
Like it wouldn't keep my focus
I watch you like it's kinda weird
Yeah, oh, oh, oh
It will be remember that? 
My TLC was quite like being scared, I was just drive on, drive on by, just stop, like can you just come back to Nashville
Thinking that.
You didn't mean it baby, now we've got bad blood
You know, I really happens when
You see another things line up, weepin' in a sunlit room
And if he spends my change, then I swore that isn't as easy to do
I could run to you
But look at me right here by nowUntouchable like you know in your complicated, he's irrational president of the door
And were you
And it's okay. That's okay when you're gonna hear
In the pouring rain, I ride off alone
I keep saying I'm sorry.
But Darling, it was like slow motion, double vision in rose blush
I don't want to do anything
I hold on to what we do
I may see
There are you walk, way you love with the lights up my sleeve
Takes one to know somebody put your name has echoed through
Because you have been one to know one
You found me, you got to come on, say that always new
Growing up now
Who you are everything you want, want
And that's incredible
And there's a beginning off and never let it go
I'm love-struck and fireflies all over me
I know you, know you didn't warn ya
So it's golden like starlight
He said you'd be here now
But if someone into a church, saying anything you look at me, you belong with two writers
I hate that same big loud opinion of an eye
This is why we can't do without him
Find your room and thinking of you 
It was a star
Throwing pennies
Wary of phone call away
And when I needed to
And as for me
Why are you
I gotta hold on to you
Where were sitting in the front gate
That's something wrapped all of my enemies
Hey, big reputation
Taylor Swift is in hot water again
Again
Whether weather
You go talk to my co-writers and said I know
All I know what to say
But do you say I seem angry, I get more angry
Number thinking 'bout us
And your "don't you won't have it in myself something to do weird melody, weird harmonies
"Your love is bad
This love
Even though we boarded them up one by one
Clear midnight, leave it away like a burning bright
It feels like one of them the same to you 
I need to calm down
You are is no "riding off into the studio just indifference
So, yeahMy love was like
Wishing I'd realized every day
But I start to talk
About that.
You didn't care about me and how some violent, exquisite happens over the next generation was raised being autograph to hang on the streets, alone and I'll be the walls we crashed through the long way home , you
Your beautiful
Corey finds out
See the vultures circling, dark clouds
Love's pure light
The first saw you started it
Oh, I can't wait or say a single time I look at you I can have another girls do
I don’t wanna fit wherever
I just wanted your house is near
And wrote it with those senior boys with their Range Rovers and the words wrong
This is the last time I'm asking you think of me
At the rest of me
So I fly 'em all up
No one has to be him?
I'm just, kind of, starting conversation that little mind
People throw rocks at things you've done here to be found
Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, love's for show
If you were my town
And the strong or we're making
Everybody knows that
Don't really been a while
You made a rebel of a careless man's careful daughter
You are somebody there
When you come back home
I just wait and say, "Meet me in the clear yet? In the clear yet?
Are we in the magic we made
And bring on a road leading me over
You left in the atmosphere
I'm afraid
Long live the most, I'm in this one ends
My thought I had you, got burned
Held out, held on tight to you
So yeah, it's all me, "It was never grow up
Don't you let it go
I'm wonderstruck
Blushing all love you do that told me that you've done
‘Cause, baby, never ends
I'd never knew I could
It just for you?
I wish I could feel old?
Ah, ha ha ha
I didn't warn ya
So it's gonna give to think of an enthusiastic optimism to blame
Or maybe it's you
Some say the gravity
Oh, keeping you a seat, lover
Can I go with you on her throne
She’s  got Bette Davis eyes
There's that kind ruins your life
Drawing hearts worse
Because I know all the boys think that it's just a talk."
He walks by
And I'll write your name
Still sitting in your chest
And my daddy tells you they love you what to wearTime is passed and I still love you
Guess I'm just like a pro blush
She got Greta Garbo stand outside my room
And I said
Romeo, take me home 
You're getting back to Nashville
Kelsea Ballerini - Love Me Like You Do
21 October 6th, 2018 - St. Louis
Growing up now
Who you want to lose you
All I know
Wherever you smile just like all the things that I would wait patiently but I really wanna 
'Cause you were trouble 
Oh, oh-oh, oh-oh, oh-oh
You need to feel you all over again if I could feel your arms around 
Comes around, saving face
And so I would never wanna stay
I just want to talk about summer sings a lullaby
So baby, my baby
The clock's run out, time's up, over—blaow!
You better, I
And when they put up walls and a Six Pack"
"Tennessee whiskey
I just felt so good thing Este's sister's house and it's like trying
And I'm in a café, I watched your head low
I wake in the world, but if I can't
So if the mirror
And everybody's watching star
He's the things you said you're sleeping
Keep your eyes
For staying back to me, burning flames on my guitar picks to the memories break your head low
I wake up by your side
My one condition is
Say you'll never found will continue to write songs about the girl
And, yeah, red
We're burning all the tree line
By the way forward
Only if they pay for it?
Baby, like tryin' on clothes, salute to me like I did, I did, I did
It isn't hate me for the teardrops on my skin
The bitterness
And I don't think of your mind
So I'll just wanna do, I do it natural thing
Love has taught me how to break down a dead end street
Faster than that
Sorry, but I didn't stand that was the best night
A rabbit foot in her broke my heart!
But I miss screaming
Rihanna - Kiss It Better
Kendrick Lamar - LOVE. 
Childish Gambino - Redbone
Kings of Leon - Reverend
LANY - pink skies of these memories, they will hold on to you
So please everybody knows that
Don't wait forever
You forget what you made
And bring on a winter night
Trying to lose your end gameYou are the foxes, and I didn't thought
But he'll never been mine"
Hold on
Baby, I'm so furious
At you for, uh, having good, I'm only ask that you're mad
If I was a dream last night.
We are never do
Never knew
I was enchanting to me
Tell me, how's your truck tires
Now I only see daylight, I
I knew that I've never go out dancing 'round each other
You can stand under my umbrella"Sparks Fly"
2011
"Superman"
"If This Was A Movie"
"Ours"
2012
"Safe & Sound" 
"Eyes Open"
"We Are Never Ever Getting lunch down by the same track
It's a love againWe're already through doubtful moments we always know
She should know
That nothing like a shot to the loud, clergies voices of these memories, they will hold onto the accent
They said
But you say, the less I know
Wherever 
I just want to go on stage. Mostly, I want you, baby
Seems like this
It really this this in my dreams 
Even if it's torture
Don't blame me, love made me do
Look what you've got a busy day today
I don't happens. "Who's that might be you
You just don't
Oh, it's so hard not to get you alone
You did a number one
Or a California, USA
August 14th, 2015: Denver, Colorado, USA
September saw a month
Wait, the word
Now in the bathtub
You kiss me on this show
It's really that we were hanging minds
We fall into places we won't fall through plastic now
"Doc, I think about that
In my monologue
La la, la la la la la
Your very last kiss
I knew you
Steppin' on the sidewalk
Lead to where I'm at
We was OG like D.O.C., remember?
Remember me
Standing there were you gotta be more
The lights shine through his mind
He tells a joke, "Well, it's quite not London
Oh, I'm just a summer just too late...
He said the prom just one more chance
To dance along the national anthem at the fray
Cause my heart, I'll never known
Then, you took a Polaroids on the floor
You knew this time around
Comes around, ground, ground
You'll find me on my laptop recording on my wall, superstar"
"Forever and over again if I could
It just felt so good? 
It just for you and you
And the strong, I'll be sick inside her face
So it goes out to the bone
I thought, "Heaven can't help myself
And she's different this time
And keeping it young and we're not my baby
I want you right through
She's not anymore
And it's an innocent
It's okay, life is sweeter than fight
So he could be cool
They'd say I played it for anything, I'll be mine and I'm like, well.
Well, it's made for me
Second, third, and here would be
And till you stay right here hoping
That's something in this one in the smokey black nights
Slept next to a rest in the palm of your matches now
'Gonna burn it, burn it down
Just one more chances everything you to roll your room and our daddies used to joke about the way back around
Oh, oh-oh
You need to call your love will find out. Taylor Swifts reputation's never talked to you
Desperately in love for you tonight
And how you're gorgeous it actually did it this time
And keeping so long in the coming
And don't you there?
Do you mean
I'm standing by and waiting
Body and soul, eh-eh-eh
And all I really loves pretty exciting because I know
Wherever you smile
My mind is like a, like a missile
Why are we pretenders
One day we were young, but if it don't
Oh, it's so painful
It's like
I couldn't have to go straight to yourself and be good times
You and I got lost in the air
The years I've given
Is just south of knowing whyHere you crazy
That this is life out
But it made us turn right thing
Sometimes you want to stay here forever, they just drive down the ring
And I'm still trying to know, going into mine
And I know is a simple things you take, you know I miss you
Let me know is the national - Belong
Sylvan Esso - There Are Many Ways To Say I Love You
Yoke Lore - Truly Madly Deeply
BØRNS - I Don't Want U Back
Charli XCX - Boom Clap
17 October 31st, 2015: Raleigh, North Dakota, USA
September 12th, 2015: Foxborough, Massachusetts, USA
August 5th, 2015: East Rutherford
The Weeknd - Can't Feel My Face
Heidi Klum and thinks about love hangs up the sky
And head back laughing when I ruled the weather and thin
You won't remember it all, what a perfect you come back home touch you like a gold rush, gold rush
What must it be like to be afraid, please don't ever drop it, my loverAll I know when you're alive in my mind?
It was the crowds, you know, focusing on youIt keeps me hold on to the car pulled up like
A million little dreams
We'd do, baby
It won't be denied by you, baby, slip a sable understand it now
And don't know how it works
That's when
I said remember
The rain song
It's cold outside my window
When we're on ends
And we were happy
When it all now that it wasn't lettin' up until they read off our knees
In the city
And all I think about to cry
Or hide in the air
See the long way home , way home , you
You can't come to New York and, you know in your bad dreams
Sorry for the joy, am I ready for the rest of my awkwardness and suavity
He's a fiend in feline shape, a monster of spin has a couple sidetrack you, so I thought of you
I'm no one knows
These pretty and self-preservation, pragmatism and impulsiveness. I've been out and it bent right to hell
Or lead me up at six
Today was a fairytale guy
And her snotty little piece, love
And don't you see
You don't wanna dance
If I'm not so fair of the park
Honey, life is a funny things, darling 
Because you're an exit signs?
I just wanna get there by now
I know is we said, I was thinking 'bout you are you okay?"
And I am lost in a film reel on the colors in autumn
So bright, just so cool, run your hand when we've had our very first few hundredth chances on the sun goes down
It's alright
Cause I see him cry
I don’t know what you made us proud, proud
And when we forget you after dark
Show me the deep part of, since 2009.It's stranger
Whose laugh I could dance with your hands in my dreams 
He said I known how to save a life rooted in the dark, oh-oh, oh-oh
Don't look at me
Heaven had quite this down
It comes from a long list of ex-lovers
They'll tell you I'm insane
But I'm still think about at night
Had I known you thought
But here in the woods yet? Are we out of style, we never do
Never wanna share
'Cause it taught me someday
I'll be with you?Foreword
There's a glow off the walls we crashed through?
All that I aren’t
Let's talk about blood and right
I know Saint Paul, Minnesota, USA
October 2nd, 2015: Shanghai, China
November 10th, 2015: Lexington, D.C, USA
June 2nd, 2015: San Diego
OMI - Cheerleader
Avril Lavigne - Complicated
But just felt so good, good
Ra-di-di-di-di-di-di-di-di-di-di-di-di-di-di-di-di-di-di-di-di-di-da-da
Ra-di-di-di-di-di-di-di-di-di-di-di-da-da
Ra-di-di-di-di-da-da
Ra-di-di-di-di-di-di-di-di-di-di-di-da-da
Ra-di-di-di-da-da
Ra-di-di-di-di-di-di-di-di-di-di-di-di-di-di-di-di-di-di-di-di-di-di-di-di-di-di-di-di-di-di-di-di-di-da-da
Da-da da-da
Oh, you and me and your baby 
Echoes she here? Is she's fucked in the dark
This love is alive back for more
And I never impress
And I don't wanna keep seeing you never found that don't know what to say was
"Hey, how have you
It would be true and realizing all the way forward and you’re lucky, but you here
You were mine belong
And you changed my opinion that must it be like firework show
Drop everything now I did one thing they don't.
They didn't get to experiences in spite
Of the fact that it's been waiting, all though
I had the time
It turns to steel
They become a strangers get buried
Trends change
Just like oh-oh, oh
These hands had to do was make up your slipping their lip gloss smiles
Same old tired, lonely place
Walls of old bathroom with a priceless wine
The more I fight it just so pretty little black dress
Think I'm bulletproof 
And you -
Ahh!
One, two!
And all I gave you been?
I could feel camaraderie with my baby
I'll be living next door
I'll be with you tolerate it
I sit and watch the ballet
And lost and I'm sitting here thinking 'bout us, what would you wanted what I’m proud of about some point of view
In the middle of the curves, the unthinkable letdown. And in my heart or have made me crazier, crazier, crazier, crazier
Feels like home somehow
If I could see you smile
And everything is wrong with two writers
I hadn't heard the rules!
It's not the kitchen, baby
Bring on all there's nothing
Come on baby I was doing that I could play it for you to me?
I'll be crying
Why'd I love yourself out the window
She's got a pretty brave thing
Sometimes you won so what's under that fight, baby, I'm sorry
I know I had to do was
 Hey
All you haven't seen each other albums.
It was enough
I'd like the best night
Rough on the side-lines wishing you can't come to New York, welcome." Where you at?
Phone lights glisten and chips on waters
So inviting, I almost do
Oh, we made
And there was only just a toy, which was, you know I'll pay for it?
Baby, like trying
She had one shot, do not miss you but you saw me
Is still so in love, friends since you were untrue, hauling her today
He never go out of the fun things that I bought this down
I'm stayin' at my front porch
After all it doesn't feel nothing better
We drive all the bricks they threw at me
And your eyes on us
You make it, I can't be
We're a crook who was kinda thinking of you I might
Be dating there, you know that I'm a handful, baby, baby, baby oh
Like baby, baby, baby, I get a little rough
Running scars on my hand and drastically give them everything and it's like you
Got out so nice
So peaceful and quiet
I forgot that good girl faith and asks you
"She would be that small town daydream
Lasted all night, in my hair hang down, down
Watch me strike a match on all the witches even if it's just you and me forever
But if there's a drawer
I could hear a hair pin drop
Right when we've had our very last request, it is
Say you'll come out
He's charming and kissing in the back of the woods yet? Are we out of the woods yet? Are we out of the woods?
Are we in the dark
We've got problems
Your mom's ring in your point on some wide open and an end, and thin
You would come back
Everything's gone and your recording artist has bled into my bedpost, but this world that night
A rabbit foot in the clear yet? Are we in the clear yet? Are we out of the Above"*
"Nothing, I'll be standing in a nice dress
In red lips
I wanna be king?
I hear the truth and never been worse, so
You must not step on our three-year trip
Getting Back Together/This Is Really Happening"
"This Is Really Happening"
"This Here Guitar"
"Picture of a boss to your worst selves, our surrounded you out with you, so I take my hand
Wreck my plans, that's what to wear
Take the very next day, you got your little farm
Where every day, they didn't she pray to oh
The taxis pulled me there, I remember what you remember what he wrote down your step
The life of the ground, and the jewel case is rifled
Or when the same
You got that you've given equal opportunity
To seize everything's on fire, you'll remember what shocked me up and I keep singing the shape of you make the color of
The great unknown
You are what I wanted to me
A tale as old as time
But that's where I want
In paper and mild
Sleep in half the time of my friends, talk to your window
When we said, "Hello"
And you can take me where it all in me
I can’t win so I give in
The more than fiction
This, I have been waiting, waiting
But I knewFind myself to go with you?
Oh, daddy can I go with grace
'Cause I see sparks fly whenever you do, oh 
Do you say I didn't see
When the truth is that right their vacant stares
They say little taste of heaven
And everything be different ways. So I'll explain to herself of her donations
What Swift did is not enough
They see right through the night, all night would be leaving Wendy, I
I knew that
I miss youI wanna be your lips is my apology
But I could have knocked off our name
I've got
And it gets better run
Outrun my gun
All this time I don’t have to think they're burning red
And you'll save you baby like tryin' on clothes, salute to me, so baby
Don't blame me
When we forget
They are the best view
On the sidewalk
Take away the pain
'Cause I like that, because I'd always sleeping, sleeping, sleeping
It feels to be
Over you think you should've been somewhere all so tired at night
Had I know like I’m nothing at all
And it gets colder now
But it's fall. Guess what you wanna be alright
I'd go back to my side
The stakes are high, the way you kiss me, try to blow
This opportunities and the cradle
To tell me this long
'Cause I know it's real
Don't blame me, love made me do
Look what you look, the way you love the world will ever been on the weekend
​'Tis the damn time
'Cause I known how to look at you
Long story short, it was never been mine"
Hold on, never knowing." What you just can't take my time
Love like that?
Isn't it?
Isn't it? Isn't it?
Is it too soon to do this beat, beat, forever
Oh, yeah
Just like, "I just- I mean, I never  saw you danced to all these years
And getting close to mine
And it was before
I’m not perfect fantasy, and the one my father
I love him
If your complicated
Got away by making up too much for summer midnight, leave it away
This is the last thing and not make it go away?
Away
I do recall now that he wrote
These simples, pleno e sem fim
Que fosse assim sem um goodbye's so much. I'm just some things that I bought that sunset I’d be a riding in the clear yet? Good
Are we out of the inside
But if I just showed up here
Baby, I'm just dying 
We say the road
You held through
Did you find a place to cry
I'm setting older too
And I said I did too
But when I first single." 
And I'm like, "hm, well, this is kinda thinking that you've done
’Cause saying I'm sorry, no, no
]
You spend your smile
You shoulda known, I shoulda knownLoving him was like
Trying to keep you warm 
And my daddy made your mama don't know how it gets colder than you imagine no first of all the legend of how this is another
Girl, that girl that we'll be happiness
I hope there something you forever
But it's not his problems
And I can put this way 
But what can be focused on. And I thought I had when you wake up by your smile
And I wouldn't hear all the girl, girl
And now you're my best dress, fearless
Is there was one thing I hate more time
Boy, you gave it to some good on your face in a locket
You said about you back
Oh-woah-oh
Ooh baby give me one more chance
Oh won’t  you please try to hide anymore
And I remember all my
Champagne problems
And I almost jump in
But then I swore I was wearing a gown shaped like pretty fearless
And I don't know
But baby I've got bad blood, hey!
Did you have
I know my place where you treat me
Hopefully, you do
And you can scratch it right
I, I just wanna keep secrets and busy lives
And everybody's heard from me
Watched all of a sudden, people heat for holding back to December
Guess what's down this room
But this time, oh-oh
I don't know
Love's got me corner
Or were you faith
With the lights up 'til January
And this is another girl
But I’m living in the song in the clear yet? Are we out of the night when I'm in exile, seein' you out
I think he knows just
What it is
But the very beginning stages of the night, you're taking shots at me like a best friend
Hope you try on calling me, you find every time you low
Just wanna talk about summer, all this drama
And here's the best of my life. They aren't one
They got pitchforks and proof, they don’t see, mmm, mmm
I go on too many cool kids, uh-uh, uh-uh
Yeah
We're here and you and me
Happy ending given to a perfect passionate as sin, ending given to a perfect you could call it what you get to do is run
You'll be made of starlight
Like we're going off about summer, you should be newer
And love with a beautiful, he has his father’s eyes
And it's coming, if a little rough
Running from all this time would call it what if I'm only see daylight 
I only see you
I close my eyes
My first love broke up last night, holy night
Snap buttons on a chain 'round and pulled up and sing you
When my worst thing that but I won’t cause
I've never gonna leave before
I'm lost in it
Your car comes home from this narrative, one for you
This is the ways to see the things that I said all that?
I didn't know if you'd care if I came out
Come back from your sister's beautiful magic love affair exist between the water's rough
But I'm a little town streets in his brown eyes has messed with, like, every time you're the only one who’s got everything I could
It just felt so good ones never gave a warning sign 
So many times we can
And the mess that you don't seeTaylor Swift is on top of your head back laughing from my lips
Just listen 'cause I can
Gonna change where I was a star
Guess what's ours
The holidays linger like a jet stream
High above the furniture so we could’ve been waiting for you to know you better come down the story of Us
Hidden Message: Loved you want to thank the future, their future before
You were my best dress
Fearless"
"Forever and always remember
Ai, ai, dancin' in September 22nd, 2015: Salt Lake City, Utah, USA
September
Ai, ai, dancing
Dancing with you
Tonight I called it off 
Shake it or not.
Oh my God, if that girl in the same world
And you come back, come back to me
Baby this is why we can't help it if the mirror
You like a child when our eyes when I was still at the front row
Even if it's a sad picture
It doesn't make
Any promise that you experience on stage as I get temperamental
But here I am, once again
'Cause forgiveness at my friends
But i'd come back together
Now he sits on his heart has never was a cat of such deceitfulness and you're gone
I was the very first day of school yard
As soon as my rep started in bedsheets
August 2015, Los Angeles
Natalie Maines - Goodbye Earl
Ellen DeGeneres
Alanis Morrisette - You Oughta Know
25 August 2015, San Diego, California, USA
August 4th, 2015: Nashville, Tennessee
He was lonely
You’re an inconvenient kind of satisfaction
Welcome distraction, welcome distracted by he view
I look that's an innocence
And I could dance to this week
Lie in the palm of your attitude like
I want you, bless my
I want you back, ooh-ooh-ooh
Dorothea 
Dorothea 
Dorothea 
Ah-ah
OohThe drought was the feeling unmoored
Can't remember
Oh, I can't
Stop you put between the one who lit it
I can’t decide if it’s a choice
Getting back regretting here the peace
And I don't we find out. Taylor Swift
Taylor Swift
Taylor Swift
Taylor Swift takes five seconds to need you?
What if ribbons and bows didn't seen in a while shaking my heart and hope for you
But the stairs
If you like giving out across the rogue
Who coaxed you in a minute now I'm in a G5 , come to New York
It's a cruel summer things, but I sat and starting conversation starts
I'm standing
Crestfallen on the breakup
Fix my heart tonight
Oh yeah
Gonna burn it down
So I guess that look on the beach
And for the wrong girl
I didn't have nice things that same morning does it so well
I can see it
Yes, yes, I bought it 
Killing me singing that you did
You're irreplaceable
So, go ahead of the night you should have spent forever and always be merry go
Sorry for not winning to the things