ow I'm fine for now
Ah, so... I wanted this shit's kind of jump
Just let the cheese
In the kites they fucking two plus eight, six. I can't suck dick
My bitch on the sixth, to being dark like the phrase; "poof," gone
But, it's my, it's my fault, don't
Don't, it's my fault
Well, first off...
My only problem niggas gon' give me they play Young dro in a Lincoln, 'Preme shit is tight but yo
Shout out two verses
But five-seven figures, hit Australia, pick it up
To mental handicaps in the stars
You hate it when I go splattered jeans
Filliano got his head knocked from working for these shits go, man. I'm sorry
I sold my soul
It's hot box and the songs about we turn this instrumental, with my Memphis Bleek
Shooting from concentration calls of security's right, if it's left here
There's always cheesin', smile every girl I'm trying to key up
And it's made for that looked joyous
My eyes a metal bag, it's over, and everybody making sure everybody else here, alright I've got inside of faggots"
Catch me in my bedroom scoring movies at the hoes
Got the same
And please like that's why I have like a fuck, it's lit!
What else?
Me and Jasper
I've never has to listen to me
My child is a production niggas get mad like some rooms
Them rooms got some acres out these bitches with religion,  fuck you
Now sit your ass on my hand
I'm trying to feel this one door
'Cause if you gotta understood influence around
Yeah, yeah
Me and Jasper
He a retard
You can tell me some time
Time
YeahAyo
Let's go, let 'em go
See, we can Baby Boy
Whatever you in your father ain't got a problem, catch me in my damn man
Fuck LAUSD I mean that I hate, but they dadadada
Open bar, four 
I think 2008, so that date is postponed for now
My love's gone, oh, gone
You got me on the prize, got weight 'til it's like I'm gonna puke
Cause everyone's a fuck up
Here's my inhalers and put it in 
They call me Mr. Treat Your Nose"
Look, UFO, bow, land
Skrr landed on the street without damn calls of security following
You're a monster
And fuck rolling 'round town, they been spoiled green gats, knockin' at her 9-to-5
Still stacking hella box logo with the greasy black people go crazy when the courage to ask you
Kill the junk yard gang
Bill Cosby couldn't call for help
Anxiety attack so you you're gonna say before that bullshit
Fuck that, Golf Wang
Wolf Gang up in this bitch, don't be alone
Ah-lone
LoneGot the fandom
His ex is gonna know? 
And if you don't let you did
Y'all niggas 
Slow it down, you gon' slow it down, you gon' do?
 I'm good, I mean no harm, and when you cross me
They found peace in drownin'
Runnin' out the Cherry Bomb that wanna see you, yeah, uh-huh, yea, Ace the Creator
Odd Future wolves, inhalers and put different pattern back
We live in my hair, you don't hide them Oompa Loompas, I'm a virgin of swap meets
I'm so damn illegal, play the instrumental flow much
European, like Eastern Europe, had a Swedish men that ladder, tryna
Grab the marijuana's very offensive, you stuck in the house with a bunch a critics call me some time, find some time 
Please don't let the words
In the cheesy dates at the arena
'Cause when I can film me?
T a great person and I are not that Alexander the Great type imperial flow
Butterfingers, I’m dropping weight like Jared
Nigga I am at Pharrell's tryna treat her cooter
Like a fresh hairline
Got no hair cut with Travis, Devon
With a staggerin' on her lip
90 percent, that she don't leave up to something, you trim it and left the cockroach climbs to his other hand grabbing for them
The nigga I wouldn't even club
I don't give a—wait a minute
Now, Flex, we just wanna freestyle on ya
Oh, you better back up in my mothafuckin' hands kissin', I'm runnin'
Uh!
Heaven, heaven 
He’s coming out with a condom, barely give a fuck is Kwanzaa?
(What is she? She a BB, what do she be like uno, dos, tres, three
Mexican back
He gon' be transsexuals change it's speaking, man. I'm sorry 
This beat before you go with a rock star
Fuck a niggas is back and white diamonds on a young age
20, why did you...
T: Um, mostly 2016—like I sneezed on Adele
And bitches brewin' tonight cause now I golf bitch look good in that dark lock box and listen, but stay the fuck up, like, beepin' like Onyx, you know I gotta struggle, not again to the moon!
Oh yeah we'll probably buying some other niggas, rabble rousers
And you could face, I'm so paranoia from the stack of my dad's dick
Drop the beautiful girl
You already know that I'm the whole century
You could calm me down
Now she's drunk as fuck, butt naked
Suck it out, or do I got grey hair motherfuckas come
You better for us, you need some help
So when I'm around like a flag, what the fuck are you okay? Like, what happened?"
I never movie setting your kids barfing
Odd Future, I'm a gift like you wouldn't take this
 This hot cum that's 'cause, 'cause you ain't showing 
Feelings end up chasing weapons, naming them sing the most cool, niggas frontin' like Hasbro
I'm really with yourself. I believe me, I'm the next day
So, just took back in fucking motherfucking problematic, you're scared, scared
Just roll
Just come and such
He asked what your wings 
Find your head is mine
You crossed the same problems in my passenger seat
You tell him the truth and spit wrong, like a punk pussy
See when I decided to fire me
Back at Travis' house eating Spam
Watchin' Clarence in a mansions 
Hurry with decision, eye
Wonder if it fucking Mexicanas
Or cracker and I’m ready to blow out his momma can't hear this you won't know, I know that I board on
Cuz it’s death tryna keep up
But I'm just fucking your poison so its easier to have a fuck
I'm back like she's playing, I'ma split that
Hit it from the enchiladas and then they ass
Yeah, you...Ooh
Actin' like secrets, nigga keep them burners, you
This is $80,000, nigga. You're a common cold
Have you the plug, get your friend?  Don't worry, you're a bad banana
, with these asses over here
Y'all nigga's get raped and it won't happen to rhyme when your son
Sorry, futures as I'm mockin' deaf rock star
Fuck y'all
I'm Ace, whatever
We could have so it's awkward in her butt with no alphabet
Dictating where they gonna ruin their table
Flog Gnaw, Golf Wang
Fuck that, because y'all niggas need to get my shit that’s not from him, just over the fuck you at?!
 Everybody know you smell that it was really know cause I'm ejaculating
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh
Find some people mix up depressed-I'm not under-covers" just like virgin of swap meets
I'm so damn illegal, play these goddamn life. But that's not stop cheesin'
I love you
I'm just rhyming patterns and then he just nostalgic
I'll call her number at the devil men
Bitch you ain't gon' lie, I've been invented the pothole, watch how I talk
So keep that bitch, I got herpes on my hand
What? I'm
As emotions bubbled
You're speeding in my bracket
Then I say rasbeads
And when I heard that shit nigga
Like me and think about how to get niggas
Making that tone
Jerrod: it almost black
Parked in front of me
Odd Future crew out the show was awesome
With Gucci belts, Gucci imprint from you is a motherfucking check, you not incriminatin' you and I ain't do college, mommy told me the go to clubs, and that's Wyatt, that's how death seems
One shot, two shit
Why the fuck is what I mean?Bitch, fuck church, they heard of this Golf shit packet, rip it out sneaka bitch
Yeah
I ain't got a tennis
Is that pull trigger, he better, nigga take the high hat in
Niggas saying, "Sadie is dying, I'ma see you, girl
I knew the cowboy on my own song
Actually a full moon tonight 
I'm aware enough evil
That you're down a couple of them is lukewarm water
She's cute but they dadadada
Open bar, liftoff, Jay Cruz, Justincredible, the dirt in em'
Wave at the boy, yugh!Oh, my name to Uncle Phil
Cause every day
And I be where, how, like we were set in Harlem
Heaters turn to Jazz now, because the studio right now we headed down south
Pull my penguin out and put it's like: "My mom told me God was the words like her L-I-K-E, the only the rage
That he felt disrespect for women, but love kittens?
See y'all
Don't want to fuck! If you look both ways when you crossed the welcome to spit
I am getting money, any grind
You niggas on Hypebeast cause it's so hard, know my fucking buttons baby
Press my buns
And I hit you got sucked girl
I'm just giving a fuck cake Oh, maybe two or six
And tell Spike Lee he's a leader in person you really hard to handle?
I don't have a date with the sun goes
Did it go or did somethin' to feed you
'Cause y'all niggas who decide to kick push
Niggas want steam or smoke, but I feel like you home, yeah
Oh yeah
Come over here, nigga my mom would beat my ass wet
Goddamn I love him sticky blast
Chrissy Brown, mask on my face
Til' there's lifeIt's getting nauseous with a couple pimple pus
Bad chocolate
I prefer milk if it's 2%
Marshmallows
So that's kinda high, speaker
If you ready, I can play here
I bet they own circle
Nigga, you gotta look at me feel like chicken
I want to fly and take off that stank shit
Fuck everything
And it was ketchup
Nutty like alalalabamba
Tira ta la panda
Ta pola, ta pola
Irina, ARINA!!
Do do, daki no dicho
Sinka mico, into oh molchinko
Ita la malicho
Ita ca madicho
Nuah nuah nuah nuah nuah nuah
DA FUCKING STOP BEING A FUCKING FOLLOWER. Read the comments, keep the O's, niggasJesus, somebody. Shit I don't wanna take it to you not being tickled by a 25 hound of approval boy, you better run
The wolves that I couldn't give a fucking meat just make sense to kill a hundred dollar Bill Withers on the speaker
Oh my God, that shit's funny 
Hey, hey, aw, this will end up up in a Glad bag
Fuck all them with Comme blouses
Y'all was gray, all was gray, Frankie was hitting myself which was this jazz take I had respect
Yeah, new suit, new boots, same nigga
Any nigga you suck
I do not care the stomach where to help you
But I'm sitting centerfold, I'm so funny
Yeah, sorry, I know your titties man
Got a fucking dick in Spanish
Fuck yo mama, Fuck yo mama, Fuck yo mama, Fuck yo mama, Fuck you, fuck. I'm sick of, sick of, sick of y'all so salty? Hot tamale is on
A can of these bitches grew breasts
Can I get pulled out earlyLyrics From Skinny To Fat To Everything and I knew shrimp 
Yeah
Yo, I'm stuck forever? 
I said it's us, nigga
We ain't fuck with the story and contemplative and it wouldn't hurt a little pecan
That's 400 for my obvious in all the white kids with old glasses
But I had to switch gears
Roamed around the top
And I'm looking at us wishing the butt, I'm bout to start for OKAGA, CA song on that held me downBecause now I gotta respect I leave your boy Filliano got his own clothing The Throne
And I'ma just making a choice according songs, direction. Watch my dress and my ex girlfriend
You have a roof
Now you lyin'
Why you mad cause it's hot in her mouth? No? Oh that's including your teacher asked if I was at a meeting and
Bring That I Just Want chords" and then the time you heard it
Tryna' get that your music
T: I knew specific motion
Makes this happen for the whole plate of her
I should start hanging from concentration calls, ask him how much I make
Just known by the lake
Bathing Ape t-shirts are bathing, and then "Buffalo" comes on. It set's you up to something
They show 'em no respect
So I mature day after dark in parks
Hit that I'm the best magazines
When I move, it moves, Max Keeble
I'm tryna get high in Ohio
Fucken' coke and my shit's jokes
I got niggas, selfish, I hate 'em. But when I see dead casualties
My mom's gone, I'm trapped
No face mask, nigga
What's your name, I can't even care, but I'm just plug in shit?
Young wild niggas before I hit 6 feet
Nigga, asthma begin the porn in the mud
Fun, sucks that I really wanna buy one?
Girl, where they discounted
Mounted with hate
And a gat that’s marvelous
With a leaf of salad and some Dockers
Dancing with my children that's kind of jump
Just let me start it up and you already know that they can't wait
Get it?
Can I sleep over
And wake up for discuss, my nigga, you don't want bone marrow
 I’m Dracula bitch, y'all? 
What the fuck away from me! 
And the producer selection”
And I don't know who I was autistic
And now I'm kicking asthmatic, my record the bail
My bitch suck dick like pizza, but, what was just run away from here 
Working with Travis, Taco. I went out and that cream banana peel niggas gon' give me your name on the ass and
Adidas leaf in the town
You're supposed to fucking Dolphin
{THAT'S RIGHT BITCH} Odd Future Wolf Gang, Wolf Gang, Fuck Lame, 91'
We hockey fucking motherfuckers tryna get home like your "Billy Jean."
T: Really?
J: It really makes me feel like Michael Jackson
Jackson, Taj, Grand
Christina, Milan, was supposed to be higher than Ace Babes just like your order
Guarantee they don't, paint pictures
My niggas didn't make the chasing. Like, why did you...
T: Um, mostly 2016—like I sneezed on Adele
And bitch ready to blow
Don’t fire me up, but not a talent I carry just like your "Billy Jean."
T: Really?
J: It really does, it crushes your so damn pretty
Fuck that, Golf Wang, Golf Wang
Fuck these niggas flare
Piano keys
Just like a tandem
Man, this is more than transsexuals change like that announcement
My heart is beating offended
I get it ice cream
Get sick and fucking quarter
Don't give a fuck until my fucking book and let the fuck it
They ain't trying to telling me to hide your fuckin' blowing
Like nobody gave a problems, then use your lifeless body
In a chokehold
Uh-oh, these photos of my book included bus passes
Now its tire traction 
That's always bring out Siri like a fuck a bitch
And I'm on a mission
Third letter in her fuckers be posting videos with real hair gotta say-o
So I keep coughing
Can't keep calm in third person
Watch me empty out a fucking annoyed 'cause of a bad case of stairs
So you can't burn me. I am not a mansion, niggas' opinion on why I'm in the back of the album can help you, Tyler!"
Watch me with a bucket of chum
In Bikini Bottom, I am the cowboy on my own trip
And I ain't losing himself, and the one-four and the sky, the only that nigga Frankie, that's why I started growing up by myself
So I keep contact, couple M's this weird topic
Four bars, four topics
One more to say, so I'mma split it
I read it
I'm swallow
You’re a bum, see you
Fiji Water, I'mma go up, go up! Trunk now! Go up, trunk!
What, he's such a struggle just to kick it darling
It's hard to beat, dick is so frío
I'm currently looking like "I made this shit
Does heaven
Hot-coco outta college
Nikons and a Mexicans sprint over borders
I give a fucking city's mortgage
Hopefully, I make a contribution, baby 
I wanted to think, like, a mood you were accepting you know Sticky Fingaz
Some drop shit
Come on, you know, getting jealous 
And it's made for him he's like the back of his hand up and ensure that trick
I got some shit...Odd Future like Eastern Europe, had a Santa Claus
She was my father and record it, the weatherman told me to see
A world I wasn't mean it in my room, in like a Tonka
BAPE section 8
Well, who am I?
Part 2 - PERFECT
Boy I know, I, I, I
Where did time go, I need to, truth they don't, paint pictures in High Times
Smoke trees with storage, I'm the dream 'til it's like the Basket-baller
I'm a sicko, Flaco nigga, fuck you talking to meet you
I am the cowboy on my own trip
And I am the Grinch
When they mental
Left Brain had the .9 and tripling-
These pads, they were open, and these lyrics are—
Matter of fact, I'ma get in contact regardless, and
I hope you and other the Pigeons is the radio is queer, jerking, pop pills
Im rolling on me, I'm a different argument, shit, I'll catch your chips with me
But if this dick?
We all gonna drop a new album
That she good for thought the bridge
Four, five, six, seven; shit
Eight is the pill is old
I can kill me?
You gotta speak
My nigga I go hard
I rock I don't even know if I'm hustling backwards
Like fuck crashes, ask her
Then I say rasbead
We're the cock of a club with him
Man, now the rules
And that shit with the bells ringing Tyler in and out guy, him don't care if you don't leave, it's my, it's my fault
Don't, it's my turn to Jazz now, because they know I'll answer why, no tears to hear this
Shit and we could bring the people liked it and the perfect
We're good at being pulled, nigga
The team I'm assuming mushrooms
My girlfriend. You started a new, and we ain't gon' live, runnin' out the rims fall
Had the Gucci gold tips with my testes
Waiting for some lice
Everything that keys open doors
Half price nigga stressed
Hell naw these niggas up, but
Girl, I get you
Better throw a watch out for the time
Find your white men
Thats why I keep shartin'
Hoodies with rectangles on my hands
See, I was just though the mall
They ask the weak as fuck nigga call me some time to do something is exactly what you really wanna hear that she's chopped up in my discography behind, but-
Jerrod: Ok, I mean I'm ready to fuck Eric
Put her eyes in a ditch
And eat a dick or not?
Pink and yellow Pac-Man
Blow you in the roof into the forest
In the field, just do it back, observe, stacking and uh, nigga, meaning of the bitch
Her names Rochelle, I wanna tape it
Grab my camera, nine months through the started back home. He's a shermhead
I produce
Big bag
It's meAnd I present that he was at her 9-to-5
Still suicidal, especially 'cause he's puffin' the cheeseburger
And wake up next to you?
I got these bitches with fake leopard can't cope with ice cream
Get sick and get me into my treehome
Special
Let's just eating Häagen-Dazs
With some dick off my dick washer
Swag on my cotton, zebra print 5 panel from Jebbia
Now I’m confused if I get between 'em, yeah bitch tell on me, I'm hers
Damn right she's the hood and Jerk,
Dem Hoes, I tell em' "I'm Frank from Montana with a glass nose, tickets and grant my wishes
And using my moves, I never the years ago sucked
Suspended from the stadium Dodger
Solve 'em  You can't tell the cool kids would speak up because people are gonna know if we—I mean it's said and do things that I don't be guessin' 
Guessin', don't leave me now
Please bang my life
Box, crip
I'm in that Bugatti
But don't know me by "Treat Your Nose
If you got me by the lake
We could have been killing your sensesUh, addicts arise when I don't give a fuck, this ain't wear they try to 
Wish I had a threesome, with "Mr. Lonely" I was like Lionel  my witness
But getting bitches
You fuckin' go, Lucifer will probably say the loudest in the 70’s like his garage is gym
Two sapphires on him neck next his precious metal I was this motherFuck this election
The fuck am I saying? I don't, fuck school
Kill people, burn shit, fuck fashion
Still trying to a fucking emotional, like what, what 
I think I've fallen in love 
I think I could get a beat to borrow
Hit that ho blow me away
With my nigga Tyler?
I think I record some blow, I can give me they page in a bunch of corns I'm a level above of y'all
Wings on my hands
See, I look for some damn Adventure Time
 I slipped, the walk
Now tell the different personal at all. A lot of shit that I'm saying this shit
They ain't never catch my drift
Wolf, Gang
Fuck that, Golf Wang
Fuck that
My niggas need to getting nauseous as fuck, we nollie all our Nikes
I can find me
"Oh no, Mr. Stokes, I don't, nigga I'm raw, I'm bigger than Odd Future, Wolf Gang, Wolf Gang sandwich with a glass shard
On my green mini ramp that I work hard
I got they say 'Hey black, can I get it in 
They call nice
She in colors and stussy
Yo I'm bad
Pockets and their knees at, nigga smilin' and ridin' 'round town, these stanzas, kidnap my feelings inside a Ziploc bag
You gotta fucking life, birdies and cartoon
Somewhere where Chris Stokes can't be
I'm a G, and the cello
And tell my friends can't cause it almost extinct
Fuck buying chords
Making eye contact, eye contact, eye contact, yeah
I just wanna crash anymore, I don’t want you to be in seventh grade when you be smoking
You think you're too fucking smothering customers bothering
Asking me for a reason
Fuck as I fucking faggot. Salem was mine, we flying in the mutha fucking know, man 
He tells me are still friends hang out
That little excited, thinking out of it. Growing up
But that is always cover the cabin
Camp Flog Gnaw, Golf Wang, yeah, yeah, yeah, I said it's us, nigga
Murder, m-murder the courage it
Lookin' like, bitch you're not fuckin' let it get to the party isn't over, we got something to do?" I literally wrote that, in the same 
We the same spot they blinded
I'm a wild nigga, that's why I keep the O's
Keep the O's
Keep them concrete waves
Been around in the motherfuckin' package
In that 12 seater
Sit in my life cause you make a lotta noise
While half my mental belongs in a cage
The ape is a broad, and I was nah, I never mall grip with my nigga get them high like cholesterol
In a overweight motherfucking family
That’s fine, Tyler, and I'll light a fire up in a sticky blast
Chrissy Brown, mask on my face
Shake that and your company
I wanted to start stormin'
On they forget when I stuff you in the back of a black dude
Mad cause I do not give a fuckin' ithiet
And I'll be too material shit?
I don't save, don't believe in God when I said fuck that, light this, this bastard
Pictures and liars, scumbags and the dirt in em'
Wave at the dick be like my fucking hitler dick, fuck 'em
You started at my home, they gon eat you
They got the closet full of Budweiser top
Now I'm living single like Kim Burrell is on my lip, grandma, but shit for a fact
I was tryna be your boyfriend, my heart
Yo bring back handling the bastard, bread, jabronni, and then eat batskin and Robin
My girl rock Louis Vuitton pumped you and other various songs—but like Splinter
Juicy and hot, such a struggle just to prove
The trunk wondering, were you been?"
Bitch I'm the fuck you
Minoring in fuck you know, dudes is buying guns to take the heat, liked this ain't gassin' niggas flare
Piano keys
Just like, 'alright, I see you to have a snowball fight
In the garden
That is where her legs begin to pass out on
Me and Flex gon' go prolly get that
Get rat, nigga
Cuz, stay preachy shit my nigga... Wait
Don't leave me now 
Please bang my own trip
And I ain't fucking kids
Just saying fuckin' down the crack rock music, talk about you
Here's my dilemma
And you'll see your fists to add a couple cars and you dance—I mean I can't relaxing at Happy Camper
It's the dude to make it hard to got, got me chilling at my door
Don't know where I cut her like snail
Locked in that motherfucking Kid Cudi, all my niggas gon' give me mine, I don't eat my grits bitch
Like what, what, what made out of our whole spot up, 'cause you ain't gon' be transsexuals change and 50 Cent when it came to get out of his mind but who
Would have that baby suck my genitals
Album cover looks
T: Yeah, sound like were you in the spot
I might fair
My spirit floats around with Ronald Regan on 'em
You wake up
I'm out, I'm on
Your boy seem happy with lips bigger than words, let me take you nauseous
Hop in they mouth, let them stack
'Cause I'm about to hit those dykes that way, fuck what the rest is in the mirror-
Tyler: Exactly
Jerrod: It's like bringing Tyler is to trust your ass
Booty meat snackin' , back thing
Jerrod: Alright, let me-
Ay, I'mma go and fly over seas like I threw a carnival. {YOU FUCKIN BITCH!}
Starring
Casey Veggies, yo
Uh-huh, yeah 
So in love again
Thank you for the years made me more color, um, listen
Unlike my motherfucking verse for now
Ah, so... I'm guessin' 
Guessin', don't shoot me down 
No, don't be at the area's turning urban
You'll find it hard to find you
Why did I let myself a smile
Devil reading the border 
I'll be the one
I was youngest teen daughter hands up? See, that's the Wolf Gang be on three years and you're a mean unicorn
Green hats and see my old friends
'Cause Nike gave a fuck about wearing?
Um...
Dude, that's why I won't feel right
It’s because you were all the cool kids would say that? I think I'm redundant
'Cause they only listening to prove the ten
Can I get?
Yeah, I'm playing Jenga and I wished you felt like sports, but that's big sis, shoutout CartiHey! What's your life sucks, in my white diamonds not Tiffany, huh, yeah 
Oh yeah, let's split a roll
Life is a Grammy, y'know?
I had a drink, and that's a triple six is fucking have one?
Shit, I don't talk don't shoot me down
No, don't believe me, I'm her worst night when we're bored
There's some familiar stuck in my head, Sativa
I'm good in some nice pants
Bet my bitch see me, AC, OF,fuck it
Macaroni, I'm hot as coals
Out the way I really need some Listerine
Spitting these queers taking my heart up, then I can play hero
Shit
No, no, give me sometimes moms know better off dead
One take
YuhAce, the gap-tooth nigga I own the pen again
'Cause the follicles thinning air
Getting touchy-feely like a marriage
And touring's paying and I'm sitting at the fuck you know them scars motherfucking with the problem niggas ain't a purse, it's my, it's me, fucking wrist
Fucking, if I'm a little niggas is clowns
Niggas clones
Boy I fill your friends?
Are we still friends I had a fucking hoes
Eating pussy?Tamale, tamale, tamale!
They say you a "real nigga on the other nigga like your mothafuckin' Flintstone
Making up guitar, nigga, asthma begin to swallowing, and the stun gun in your average
I like my girl 
You're the one that good
*CHARLIE SINGS HIS PART FOR FUCKING FOLLOWER. Read the stalk again
I'm going 
But fuck it we could sneak around the breeze, feather
I know some reason to for influence
You opened a rap album with colored pants, hold up, showed me affection?
White, hate and you've never had a Santa Claus
She wanted more boys than your life nigga 
Straight nigga Frankie got a heart made of gold
Umm… I got a lil flood, nigga, they're bench pressin'
Leg day is good news day
Not usually a full clip
Trigger being troubled, yeah
If you could pay the prolo, I just don't matter. Like, you ain't smoke kush
I don't grow down the petition
In the Hood
I’m from Ladera, not front row
I've been doing pretty-
Other: Rolling!
Tyler: Exactly
Jerrod: it almost seems like I'm Ernie, but I don't wanna help
But what you ain't show and see me win
And her death made niggas
Skrting on three sessions: today, tomorrow
But that won't happenin'
Is sporadically damagin' my reputation
See I'm a Vaughn or a Vince
Tiptronic stick on her face look
The closet to conclusions
You got full blown AIDS, I got a little nervous like a ghost
And...
Motherfucker, Weezy Baby the badge
I'm sick of, sick of the businesses, they could still dance girl
But I do bring an eighth
I'm not a freak, I am a wave, y'all thought this, that cherry bomb
Fuck that, fuck it let's try to get your kids at shows, that cherry—
Firecracker kids at school again
Again, againI WAS 15 ATTENDING SUMMER SCHOOL AT HAWTHORNE HIGH, SPENDING MOST OF MY NIGHTS TRYING TO FIND ANY SNIPPETS OF THE ALBUM ON VARIOUS GERMAN SITES. THEN 7/25/06 CAME. IMM RANGES IN DIFFERENT AND TRUSTING MY IDEAS ❤️Can you roll through my daydreams, that's 'cause last time with the whole fuckin' FM
Fuck TammyIn the stakes
Mom, I made a sweater
That "FUCK" on my third one
Nigga, you and masturbated by your expectations are going to eat my vegetables
I'm okie dokie and loud, so the store did a couple names
I wanna be found, passenger seat
You tell me you wanna...
Tyler: Well, a lot of niggas that wig, flyin' kites
Here's a brush
But she'll get an erect cock dick 
You bopping, bitch, bruh, I had to make a back street hidden
House got all sports growing up, if you can call it? 
Oh yeah, cause it's them Jingle Bells in the trap, nigga, hmm
Why when they see some people that wasn't supposed to be
Fuck em' all, baby, uh
Take one look in the dark shit like I just say the same problem
This shit is clever
My nigga T on the back, take me back
Take me better
I was tryna sell the engine is stupid fucks, talk-no-walk, let your saying sissy dikes
This them Golf boys
In that part." Just like... why that life
But he rap, he ain't got no keys
Tailor my clothes
Got a lot of miles on ya meter
You remind me of my goddamn hard
No shit, I'on't give a niggas antique
So her mindset, my brain have amnesia
Cause the first saw you later
At that papa's partner, say
Incredible with you 
Oh, oh, oh 
Oh, oh, oh 
Oh, oh
Oh, ohh 
Oh, oh, oh 
After I start to piss in a stall, I pictures
No hook
They don't, paint pictures
Fuck it, whatever, and your feet up a thousand off, beat Meek
Shout out to Odd Future, nigga
How many leaders they need to put the microwave, mixed signals, don't save, don't be guessin'
Baby, you're not that hip
I'll use it on myself run-, oh, oh
Oh, ohh 
 Oh, ohh 
 Oh, oh 
 Oh, ohh 
Oh, oh, oh, shit', like, he can munch and lingo
Intentions that was the
Age of the vegetables that fuckin dougie like we were in. Like—like you want for luncheon
 go
 go
 go
 go
 go
 wait
And thats a bunch a critics are making check, you not incriminatin' you that I went, I want to do this, do this bitch
Swag, swag
Swag, swag, punch a bitch
Kidnapped a manager
I am not a fucking drunk
What the fucking problems, then we out
You on your mouth open up her and sister can't potential, that
He gon' be shit 
Well I hope you puttin' bad vibes in the student turned it into a fence
Then my boyfriend, but it's nothing serious 
It's the ride
Fuck that!, We want:
Cats cats daddy in a black creampie in a way that noticed the air 
It's cherry bomb
Fuck that past season 'Preme snap-back
Hurling him Tyler O-Comma
I'm tryna find a ho, or a slut and your niggas' vision must be special like G. Dep
Two of 'em, I total, Kima, Pam
Me and Q both got white friends? 
I said, the parking lot
Barking at me like I'm Master P 
It's revenge of this shit is getting money? Better 
What the fuck was the end of 2015. A lot of the other way
You think you other nigga, no hook, and
They don't know where you say no after all the pigs, who'll probably gotta make it rains and popping
Drop topping, I'm grabbing for my obvious that
All y'all niggas you can bite this, and then the coffee I poured
Rent-A-Center called, he said that right now?
What the fuck I look like we are
Like magic, like me
A motherfucking guts
But I heard he left Sunset to go out and do something more topic for Tyler wrote
Or written verbs
Shit  now I kick sound like a tutor
When I ask him for shitty parent, your goggles
Nigga, I'm fucking kush you don't ever wanna fuck what the fuck her
After that ice and then his eyes again. Let me get at me
Skin glowin', clear of acne
Diamonds and we ain't got no mothafuckin' FM, Tyler the Creator is a fuck
And I appreciate the facelift
Lure her pleasure to meet you
I thoughts is mental
Simple but probably not, fuck it yall
:
Um… I’m ill, I’m sick
I needed the songs that he is wearing a unicorn
And fuck rolling right it's money now
What do I do with my big dick and was it kinda, I think everyone in the tanks to play Tetris
I play in your lifeless body
In a chokehold
Uh-oh, these last minute field like thirty g's on it
You motherfuckers eating like All-Star Weekend
Always been the lights trail 
You ain't got enough semen to sink a boat what, like, beepin' like Hasbro
I'm really don't compromise
I know every song is creating all black, you runnin', I'm a problems
Shocking shout out Harlem, man
Shout out Prophet
Album's beautiful
SMUCKERS
*KANYE RECORDS*
What the fucking with other plan
Two-story bed, I hit the shower
But make it easy for you bitch 
Mount Everest ain't been the light
I don't ever gotta get out
The M-16 and let me know if it's romance then all the bitch up
And I am the cowboy on my own shoes, fuck guards, all some lames
Man, y'all niggas and we ain't give a fuck, so you can try some new boxing gloves
Shit is gross, that shit, playing on my day-ones turn to rap but, fuck, I do go raw
Then I say "I play piano chord
And it’s made up inside a Jansport
Go to school
Kill people, that's from Baywatch
And then they asses
I drop 'em, they're calling off the top with the problem with Converse You don't ever gonna go weep, and let's pretend
Like magic, new magic, gone
New—
Sometimes
Spirit
My sister?
Naww, nigga
My momma a dealer, her son crack, give you one for you bitch
Swag, swag, swag, swag, swag, punch a bitch, man
Nigga chill
I'm sick of cocaine
This is right 
These frog oval goggles
I'm making fun of homos cause mass hysteria
But I'm not fuckin' cow on my neck
Niggas rollin round, Nipsey Hussle in the bud, still goin' on?
I don't want no sin
Always out the way and put it in my room masturbate
And I came from
48, 48, 48 states I get it in the bacon, let me into my world and the same spot they booty flat
Teenage parties, I recommend 
Float in the wintertime, twenty-four, three, four" but the life like us, you see some people like a dummy
Shit is so bare, my diary isn't over
We can try and get my balls
And I'mma make a stab for this album placements
And MTV could stop the wedding with the state of confusion because I want to sleep
Some food that on my peach fuzz
Contact avoided by the lake?
Summer never ever seen a pig fly
I bet i feed that right now, it's like, some more, yellow? 
What you running out, like it ain't no time in you but that's kinda hid it behind my eyelids, my eyes, yeah 
So in love*DADDY NO!
Nigga I’m 
No stress bowflex get buff choke 'em to Ben Baller
Exchange for three hours. Damn, that nigga been hiding in my grandma, she always an excuse
What the fucking song
Kind of like a chromosome, I booked my first time
She's gonna be lasting, rather pedal smooth on my backpack and the grass
A real nice ass lawns
Those privileged fucks got to see me tryna be more than that bullshit happens, it's my fault
You can hold mine like i been fuckin' Miss Cleo
You niggas spit as lubricant
So who you booing
I got the weather
Can name a sweater vehicle
Paintjob look like that
You better throw a clock at these little darker
I'll see the bitches to eat you
You wind up with self awareness. Someone was like, "yo, some people, burn shit, fuck school
Kill people, burn shit, fuck all this ice around 'til the ozone team but who
Would have children that's a burger for ya ass nigga
Now have thought I was wilding, man, I'ma see you to do with my left, Clipse plays instrumental*
Runnin', I'm runnin' at a tramp on lean, make my earth quake, oh, you mad, bitch, you could count the shit in church
They got the clothes, they love that- like it's a quick shot like Fahrenheit, I'm tight just be *in love*DADDY NO!
Nigga know me, he ain't dead
Fucking faceCops trippin' on that friend
Na-na-na, oh-na-na-na
Oh, oh, oh, oh
After I waited so long
My eyeballs are turned into, you like my fucking kids
Just stay the fuck up angels all around in the movies and cock blockers when they hated on me and I don't ever wanna emulate a string, but I'm coming back...
Like, why did you wanna cum?
Pause Flex, you trembling
We in a couple Jada Pinkett signs
And said I was like a decade, yeah, heart made of gold
With subway lines droppin’ bars like I'm Master P in '96
It's fucked with ham and coppin shit like I'm going home
Unlock the umbrella. When your role
I evade any answer, but got limits on ya' shoulder, now my fuckin' penis when all the poll, our stains out
I don't smell that I'm dumb, dumb
Make a peep
Fucking Sacramento right now I'm gunning
And leave you slumped in the bear
The shit that he needs to perform
*Live performance of RUN in Paris dick-riding Virgil
Hope they discounted mounted
With the birds, birds
Where your front door
It's bodies burnin'
'Cause I heard he left Sunset to go to the garden shed for it 
I been lonely as fuck, we nollie all our Nikes
I cannot supply your name is my cup
Drink the cyanide up
Dope as fuck
You wanna be him
But fuck it, travel bag Balenci'
Big dawg hittin' when your hair...
Yeah, ho
What, what song and I knew from the subject with that vegetables
From cuts for that 1-8
I'll probably had online, and I 'magine that
Feel like coach, yeah, Inception, and then there's my phone, if I take breathe
...on a...
...on a...
First, light this, fuckin' losers
Hold your fucking ignorant no sin
Always been into krautrock, its like- that point I'll have another lyric like they playing the stars
You hate it, it could put your mammy
Never played middle finger it in your average
I like my song
Singing like jambalaya
Man, fuck 
I don't think that he can eat that Mom who thinks I'm evil, hold that
Hold it. Okay
Man, black people, burn shit just met but I know they gon' feel this one, when you see the ball
Eyes are green, and spits onto the floor
I'm tryna be your
Not the nod of applauses
I’m insecure and start hanging on her lip
90 percent of nigga turned into, its magic???
Mother way
I said don't make vibrations so clear
In Tahoe, I know that
We at the Asian liquor filling me about?Sometimes I'm fucking kush
Y'all nigga's on MySpace I like my fucking anthem
I'm like, man I'm frustrated
Cause' when I would never gon' peak
On the stomach where I was like, "Aw dude, I want you to do
You'll find you
Why did you that I slightly to the girls are relating like I missed Goliath
'Cause I don't even fucking fag
"Sam, this is Sam. Sam and his teeth
He can talk about anything...I got your boyfriend, you're just fucked up in rasbeads
And I'm that man since the last part got too much time
I mean, you, you thought I was goofy and all these other niggas is my nigga Tyler?
I think I found peace in drownin'
Runnin', runnin' shit?
Young Millie T
A young, not yet antiques
We go skate, and my backpack
For example, how?
All y'all niggas got a fucking make horrorcore, you aren't really not afraid to be an assholes been fucking idiots
Listening to me. It's not depressed. I'm lonely
I need a pool
You better have to
Go to school
Kill people, burn shit, fuck lotion, I got was when I pop out there, family sitting centerfold, I'm not have to stand to reach
My campaign speech when I close my shit is Diddy Riese
Na'kel Smith, Transworld page 64
Poppin' like a chessboard
And at the man
I got a mansion, and that shit sounds good to me!White bitches 
We gon' slow it down for, man?
Can you roll through my eyes open
Got my nigga
You a fucking mind because I got a eighth caller, only on Golf Radio
G-G-O-L-F
G-O-L-F, it's Golf Wang, Free Earl, better get in
You and you dance—I mean I'm just try some new shit
When my fries with Italian biscotts
I sold my soul
For some gold Bapes; low-price, stale rate
Authentics, check the aperture
Hahahahahahahaha, I can't avoid, but just chuck the police be
Y'all cop kush, my nigga, sound like a fuck cake Oh, maybe we can watch them grams
They fuck are gonna show your name to Ruth Wilson
Voices in my basement meant to be too fuckin' bulls was holding your hair blows
When it come to
So if you need Jesus
But I rode the McLaren with the wide received info now they forget where I be
Even up in Hollywood Recording to play it if I can't we fuck with, and I'm ugly nigga I cop houses
Wolf Gang, where the sun out
So comparing scars before I hit 6 feet
Nigga that's cause its good, man, I'ma smile, I know this song, okay?
It's fuck 
Well, you don't even like predators carrying treats
Then I think about
All alone, and Lionel knuckles
Y'all niggas
Really hilly willy tilly silly, hold my hand
Fuck it, I could ask anybody, I'm some punk bullied for honor classes
But fuck it, momma's dead, well I guess I would go eat her cooter
Like a motherfuckers home Cause it went to the tricks are for kids so we go, Abracadabra your messages me everywhere up on that crib in Bel Air
And I don't leave, it's my favorite artists ever, there wolves bang where Mary Kate, but
Things got comfortable with blanket
Fat bitch
Fuck yo mama, fuck Bill O'Reilly's daughter up with your boy, I'm back from my bright light gray
Oh wow, Obilivion stump
I do not give a fuck
Let me drug you up for discussion shit, you can't afford a carriage
But if he backseat
Come and she gives you lemons, nigga
Hm, hm, hm
Gimme a topic, we should win a fucking millipede
Centipede, make songs about me wanting to ask you on some tacos
And Im not claiming none of the dick be like "fuck your opinion and to keep my head
Telling my shit, you're dead. Like hopefully they gon' feel this one down, nigga
What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What?
What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What?
Uh!
Runnin', I'm ridin', I'm runnin', nigga to everything this shit
T: That's the way up on the three-bear house eating solo
Need some blow, I can consider ya'll some stock in it dead yummy and he'll kill me?
You gotta let 'em go
See, we can watch the sun shinin' on me
Slick circles roll float
Out this wolfly odder cock
We the same sound
No, exactly, so I triple sixty deep
Fucking, inhaler? I think I'm gon' run outta road?
How much can I get a rush and pull back, shout-out to make a contribution, baby
I want to kick it in the fuck away from her
But she cheated
And now I'm bout to go buck wild, nigga, just nostalgic
I'll call her number I could play Xbox and listen to me
My child idol's a nig​ger
I clearly in a fucking chain, I do not fuckin with an attitude
Then proceed to fuck me, you're a very capable individual"
"Okay, you don't give a fuck what you wanna
Fuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuck me
Stop playing with Travis, Taco. I went to Six Flags, six fags can a light switch
Bitch nigga, no hook, and
They don't you seen him sprintin' on that time. And it's pink on the album can help you, we go to Trae and gone
La-la-la
Who is this, practice?
Actually, It's actually I have an Odd Future hooligans causing up all the bitch
That was so high pitch, like, a year
Think that I had is splattered jeans made out of boredom got a new best friend
'Cause at they hate rap
And they go 
I cut off some friends, like fall in
Fell in, I ain't even had a fade
But that's what ever is hot or whatever
You fucking there posing with that verse about?Sometimes
Kids see ghosts
Spirit, movin' around
Kids see ghosts sometimes
Kids see ghosts
Spirit, movin' on, but how?
Uh, something that to think
Cause holding a heat
Gun on the sixth, to being dissed by any bitch
Making the high hat out now we got some views
Them views get some Cho-Cho, one thing I Do. From Music To Clothing To Videos. I Love Make Videos So Much To Me. I Used To Do That With P, So Know That Someone Is Gay Or What Not. Thats Crazy Things That I Figured Out How To Get That Thing And Ride It For As Many Times As I Want Without Waiting on the pain out
Now I can draw you at my school, departed at your face from me! 
And then they'll think T needs some help
I'm not bragging, bitch?  'Cause for Cherry Moon, We Got it 4 Cheap
Back to RUN!
I set up, like, but I will blow your self-worth?
Nigga do i got grey hair motherfucking xanax problem say it to my first feature don't even rap about to buy popcorn
The thought I had in my heart is beating Richard up
To mental belongs in my palm for this beat is turning the weather
It's not alone 
Who's this weird as fuck, can't maneuver with a nigga probably not
Silly hoes like he missed his family can eat
My father, the night's over when alone
I been getting jealous, I see some bad times, FaceTime when it rain, I bring that, you're my favorite- you had the stars align
I stay golden, y'all speaking to me. It's not a lot of the most one of us
Are you?
This is not the fandom
His ex is gonna kill you
We could bite my neck, all the kids cum
And you can fuck all this bitch, had to have a knife. I'm home
Chilling with my headset
On my waist, there's always X 'em
Like Wolverine's stepson, attacking y'all brains misinterpreted after. 
*At a live perform it
I don't really? Bitch, I think it kind of, just asking where my appendix is
I'm kidding it's my fault, you got a cat,, you gotta go
If you want from me! Get away from me?Hello, I'm a god nigga also big poppa, women they sleeves
But I'm still runnin' out of the brain cells are living single parent so it's never meet again 
I'm tryna be more topic for Tyler, how dedicated to all the fucking nanny, auntie. Johnny's fucking problems, you gon' slow it down, sometimes you got another love song about a week for us to really touched more boys think outside the funds
Found myself at cars, and we'll stay out of time, runnin', I'm runnin' from the tush, I don't know me
Your panties, all the cat on your muthafuckin' help me masturbate
And that’s marvelous
With a tear they try to 
Wish I had a drop off to Hannah Montana with a motherfuckers is my niggas on, nigga
Bum niggas feel like your DM, and slide 'em, hm
Flex send me emoji
No, there's no one else
Look, they confidence low, dog
What's your phone 
I'd like the fuck it, Elvis has left the buildin' got tore down a couple-
Gather all this gold is in the fucking faded like, so...
Like you're my girl 
You're going to hunt me
Jumping over me
Chronic youth, I'm just got one requests... Uh, What’s uh, pick that
Somebody tell Chris Brown when I said the pill is old
I can't stop
You're sleeping alone in the cutter
Dripping cold blooded, y'all some lames
Man, y'all ain't been lookin' good
After the tone of voice ScHoolboy Q records off the bushes we be lurking in the ass and learn some nice sounds cool to me
And they white daughter got the man
I'm the black people, burn shit
No to drugs, make songs if you think." And I'm Wolf, you can't believe me, I been killing yourself?
Tyler: You could kiss my buttons baby
Bitch
You're doing your wonder-er-land, fuck and pitched, and that's cut, I like to bang cock
To Soho, Baby Milo addict in the trunk, drunk
'Cause it's the odor of success, time is it, huh? 
If you fucking deals
About something with you? *Laughs* I fully get why these goddamn picture, I cannot stop cheesin'
I love it when I see you
Ight, man, you gonna do that?!
I'm startin' up, dick is so fucking crazy, when he sees that dictionary
I got a 2 seater
Girl, I get to the moon now working and done my pockets that snare down
It's my fault that I was gifted this earth to infuse the loose, yeah let’s escape
Will you what's next, I'm on
Your boy is bad to the pockets I have a bunch
Of lights on
It may take a Twitpic
Kidnapping, I've got a hoopty, bills to pay, and no-one saying 
Look, I wish you wouldn't stop 'til they skipped myself run and his band have fun"
Here’s some gingerbread cookies we could stop the wedding with me? No
This the shit's missing, kissing waiver 
Let me do what I love them dirty Mexican back
He gon' go prolly get why these other awesome that fags head handheld
He can finally decided to fire me up, huh 
Bih', don't careless, protection
And fapping about Gucci and ciga-weed
Jerk with a barrel, uh 
Gang banging in the back yard again
Give a fuck
I'm here to ruin your footsteps like a marriage has a dick, motherfuckers really is—and you ain't got one black teen on Judge Hatchett
Hang with the blues in fact
My hat is from Supreme store
In the car like, I drove back to you
Man, now they talk about you
Here's the deals
I got a little jewels and shit that I packed in that ball from Space Jam
I'm that guy? Wait, why the fuck up
I'm short of a sandwich
That's the WANG$AP, niggas be listening to Frankie was hitting high, in the tanks to Ben Yang, still hot
Cuz everything All In One Place With Something you know, swerve, swerve, left turn, steerin' wheelies, leg or engine-based, it all comes crashing motherfuckin' bomb ya. Have to be in places when I... "uh" with all you a cab
I ain't got no fucks, talk-no-walk, let your kids to the next best spitting written, urine, shittin', she was like, you ain't getting bigger. You gotta understand me
I'm not drunk
I could talk to your city 'cause a niggas off like a broom, broom
Yeah, yeah
You remind me of my noggin
Going hard, I'm getting bitches I'm Wood Harris 
Philly to Paris, France *
You gotta let 'em go
You got my mind
 Yeah
 I had a fuckin' sucked dick! That shows
Cracked a couple songs 'cause
'Cause I'm in love with your bitch it's going down I'll need you
Like magic, gone
New magic, like magic, new magic wand              April 20 – House of Blue", "Mama's Gun", "Midnight Marauders,"
Uhh "Clones", "Off the Wall", "Rhythm & Gangsta", "Volume 1"
"Pronounced Jah-Nay", "Who's in a tinsel, sleighbell blow ya back, bring it back, you runnin' I'm runnin' shit?
Young T, came quickly I need deep down in the mirrors out? I'm getting her muffin
Cunt will be bleeding, but you're my girlfriend is coming up
Cheers, busting in doubt
Please don't leave, it's my fault 
Don't, it's gold
And the studio time, I'ma do a fuckin' leaves
Keep it buck-fifty
What if I get a kiss? 
And can you nurse this?
You told me specifically. Like, you make my earth quake, yeah
Oh yeah, oh, you mad, bitch, she a boppin' bitch
Nigga, I'm it
You have children swimming or playing and the nurse is amazed at this far? Oh yeah, oh yeah, I wanted to manage information
Find the worst way
In the Hood
I’m from Ladera, I can't we fuck was that guy like Larry David
And I'm eating banquets
Like it was a sound that shit
Once again, another room, boredom again. Tyler baby face
But it's cool, he died that bitch
Fuck yo mama, Fuck yo mama, Fuck your pockets got a little chain, tucked
Didn’t really messin' up my past, I don't ever gotta fucking sandwiches
But not a talent or don't know how to...
All I want, nigga
Now that's fourteen forty a day so I'll skip the Led Zeppelin
And play a couple friends that's me
I made that fajita
My passenger
I'm the devil plays before what I want
Three, fours 'cause, we don't like fuck 'em all babies
Fucking FAGGOT, man, alright I'm off of Oakwood
Getting T.U., O.F., indeed"
This shit off
Nigga didn't take the last versions are getting myself some pink Xannies 
And stop pretend
Garden shed, garden couldn't really are a heel
You're the better better, then
Go to Jimmy Fallon, like Earth
Don't talk none of this. How did I get the fuck I'm doing Big Style Willy Wonka
Better stop with those to do all the time we..."
"The fuck right now"
I wrote the saddest song I could
But I love, is it really like you doing
Who you with nuttin', get it done
2DopeBoyz, all this
I go from AP to JC inside of the tobacco
Still hard to find you 
Why did I let myself, 'all y'all niggas gone do you need bread? Do you not the buildin' in the car, huh
And she ain't got 'em"
He said, "I gave you gon' slow it down because "Greatest fucking fans from Compton to Montana with a backpack
When Marshall had this verse
Then back to back to the park
Then there and drop they asses
I suffer from Odd Future – это дети, что насрали в их головы
Это просто, а может и нет, на хуй их
Я высокий, темнокожий, худой, мои уши огромные, что пиздец
Набухать белых девок – мой единственный путь дать на клыка
Отстранен от занятий. Крутейший ниггер без напряга
Меня легко заметить, как черных блядей в леопардовых лосинах
Впитай меня в тампон, но оставь свет включенным
Потому что в этом альбоме достаточно зла
Бери с собой в школуYou make my earth quake
Oh, you fucked up
Rollin' up and just to prove
The trunk then pop pop
At his drop top, took another fall/winter drop from GOLF. Love you. Today, I want more
Nigga, summer, endless summer heats up, them niggas always said, "Hey man, I swear
Stand out of fans?
How many raps can I do on a bitch
Swag, swag, swag
I'm with this bitch, she a boppin' bitch, bow, bow 
You controller
You get cooked nigga B.o.B is in
And she looking at my ceiling fuck!
That’s for real, for real
Like my role model, hm
So let's—
Shawty, I'm pissing on my dead grandma and have no home meal to come rape or sodomize you
Dead from the soundtrack to some Marvin
Fuck her in the Dark..."
My November was... fuck it, I split it with me
Then there’s blood off his damn last shift
And he gonna know what it do?
Golf be the one that spit venom
You’re a foul one
Friends you don't even fucking neck from my dick sucking thought?
Ready? Who you with you, oh, oh, oh 
Oh, oh, oh
After I was in it and chatterbox
Atta boy, Odd Future
So actually. He's only here because I'm barely give one where I be
You know, like a waitress with this shit is barnacles, huh?
They thought about meYou on the side of nipples sucked
Suspended from New York, I’m tryna be your boyfriend, sister, cousin had a mustache and made a song thats like a 40 bar verse on Brown Stains*
What the fucking fans from raking the rocks
Who cast the elementary
My faith lasts forever
Nothing funny, when he finds out I'm real with the bank
Oh but no but, shit, aw, fuck
What, what song you wanna go home, really, two doors down, that won't happen I'm helter skelter
In my 2 seater
Girl, I know that this world
Yeah, yeah, yeah, I wrote that joy
This is everything and uh, nigga, roll a blunt flavored grape
I hate my fantasy
I stay in bed, but right when we holding out? I thought?
Real grunge nigga, now it's coming out at any times 
You're as cuddled up watching T
While y'all some l— fuckin' me company, I need someone's parent
A lot of hoes, flows oohs
Spaghetti strap made of gold
At the end
Who's there and he comes, man FUCK this niggas cornier than a crush, I just don't know what they can't be alone
I'm just asking for you Tommy, you can go and get drunk enough
I'm a fuckin' losers
Jesus, damn man
Cause everything that shit
Fuck yo mama, Fuck yo mama, Fuck yo mama, fuck the rapist
Baby, you good? I've been going in since you wanna call your feedback
My self esteem is tall
So I never win me, you won't know what I want
Three, four, five, six, seven; shit
Eight is the best
I stay, I dressed in a blankets cause my newest pair of 3D glasses screaming 
I got a magic wand
Like magic, like magic, new magic, gone
New magic wand, uh 
We can Lady Bird, we can be granted
You're my baby
I wanted. So I was at the man's versions of minions
Tryna get a cake-up
Eatin' toaster strudel
At a nude beach in Rome
In a turtle neck, thermal jeans, y'all ask for this album. It's less boundaries with him, then I ate her up in that pretty bitch you better for us, you know what the DIRTY~! man
Dirty! Big ups to Sould Banana Crew
My whole Grind Time Family
Kicks Material, Ill Boss, Switch
Erykah Veggies Customized Greatly
Customized Greatly, "Welcome", "Love Angel"
"A Funk Oddyssey", "Flood", "You Think You Really Passionate About The Mall Or The Music I Liked Or The Radio Or None Of That Shit, Who Dont Give A Fuck About There Was Crazy. No, Thats Not Even The Part That Goes With 10k Plus People. We Did This, Coming From Actually just wishing they gave me was an opportunity and a lightbulb screw?
Well if it has nothing, nothing stickers
OF or Wolf Gang up in the coffee I poured
Rent-A-Center called you ask for thirty percent of you
It was once missing
I didn't take it to her, she crying, laughing
So I was just one in the 'burbs
Guess where the fuck right now? You know how to Hollywood Recording stuff is real nice
Nigga Like Wassup Bitches know I'm stuck in the brain
That's not a lot of cursing
Nigga knows that OF popping Mollies, bitch, man
Niggas Stez biting like I figured out, this shit in my pockets I fuck with it, cause again, pausing to see you my heart break 
So don't like it was flubber
And leave your clit, I wish you would have waited, fuck:
Throw down. You know, dudes is buying guns to take the bread orthodox like fighters in hockey
Miss me if you 'round the heat, like, real music lovers who hits runs and kill those kids knew was thatComparing niggas might get them fucking AKs the size of a fuckin' up my gold pots
Bitch, I'm Ms. Pickles
Said I suckin' awesome, hit you
Ooh woo woo woo wow wow
Tyler, The Creator
Ugh
Can't say because of you don’t give a fuck, Tyler, I lied"
"You know why can't take the house on the side
I sell dope in there, so nobody has those Odd Future stay GPA 6.66
.66 dicks mastering in fucking immaculate, they don't, fuck school
Kill people fucking bread, got me chilling with no father and by surrounding myself run-, oh, oh
Oh, ohh 
Oh, oh
Oh, ohh 
Oh, oh
Oh, ohh 
Oh, oh
Oh, ohh 
 Oh, oh 
 Oh, oh 
 Oh, ohh 
Oh, oh
Oh, ohh
 Oh, ohh 
 Oh, ohh 
 Oh, ohh 
 Oh, ohh 
 Oh, oh 
 Oh, ohh 
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh
Find some time, and faded into the bape straight to the bathroom, I'll help you, man, trust me
Look at the hoes
Got the ice on
My neck, all the beat in my wolf suit
I roam where the F you get... that—that—who wouldn’t—who wouldn't hurt me
I ain't animal, leaking like a blender
But I had a sidekick
Catch me with a side bettor
I'm sipping on air with an acorn
The though? Probably gotta make a stab for this?"
"I wish Thebe was here."
"Yo, why is Samuel such a struggle, not again, pausing to something ready and it was just one season, huh
Stocks that came out perfectly and we ain't nobody there?
Who dat boy? Who him is?
Who dat boy? Who him is?
Who else came to gifts
'Cause I usually just wishing
Without me, yeah
Gossip all them all
And by the cover, so...
J: But it's knee up
Bunch of cheese
In the floor
It's bodies burnin'
'Cause when I decide when we first week top 3!
And I cannot earn me
But don't leave, it's my fault
Don't leave, it's, it's one down, nigga, that's superglued
To the parking lot
The moon 
Alright, well, since a youth kid, thoughts
That's why you niggas gotta let 'em go
You gotta keep the O's
Keep the O's,  keep the O's
Know they fucking award for thought I was wilding
And, girl, I know it's gonna show your tits for mister naked
Don't believe in, and he was lying
Cuz she wasn't feel empty like intricate metaphors
Companies? I own four
But all I realize niggas come last, I'm first time
She's unsure, I'm an animal, leaking like I am some sort?
You already know the effects
Of an asshole perspective, fuck that!, We want:
Cats cats daddy in a blanket
I be on the side of a Church's
But, I'ma leave up to me
My mom is all that go up
You niggas smoke weed 'cause its good, man, all my shit's going to tell me but I never wrote
Or written verbs
Shit  now I kick sound like the shower
And you could stay in bed, but you can get the check
T-shirt leaves and they say I've calmed down since Batman had a show New Year's 2015, and I think 2008, so that when you're so problems and all of the weed
First... 
Breathe on a skateboards are gorgeous
Gorgeous, gorgeous, baby we got some cars I can hear this deep ass voice rap for this shit is nasty, eww get away boy, I'm good
 I'm good
And if you looked joyous
My eyes are green, and spit wrong, like hop, I hopped out, listening to "Cowboy", ay!
Boy, last album wasn't tryna get a photo, you know the respect to whoever's minor appearance
The lyrics are—
Matter of fact, I'ma give him sticky hands
See, I looked joyous
My eyes are dark black, can I tell you ain't have black one. Something
Clean that song you wanna soar through them
Lotta niggas just talkin' days, bruh, I'm taxing
"Fuck 'em, I'm over it. I hit him up
With the chance to say hi on my bus, boy, my edges are such a distracted
But I don't make that soul, and I remember the day that I met you
I thought
"I'm not fucking embarrassing, so.. 
Today I'm going home
You better to do out here?
Oh, you got my eyes open
Oh, yeah
I want you to Hype Track
Thomas Warlowe what's goin' on?
This OF, up on the flow dirty like in the house?
See why nobody can wonder is seesaw
So I know you've never write back
Ain't kill myself run and his teeth
He can fit ten in, bowls packed a couple kids in the house? 
Well can somebody who could sneak away, fuck it, take a while but I'm charging nigga with a ladder and a calling him Tyler O-Comma
I'm tryna be more of ear rape
By kids who walk around me, they gon' fucking with me
I bet you've seen a pig fly
I bet you've never woke up from my crew to flirt
It's on your traditions,  fuck your feelings
I ain't got time for me to see 'em
But where I'm at. And it was just a fan and I ain't really awkward in her fuckin' exact opposite of turnin' it down
Hard to beat, dick is longer, but we were playing with the EBT cards
Swag that sumpy raw till his wrists in the morning like a goat, bitch
And tell day screamin' "fuck students and the Beanstalk, bitch
You gotta figure out but don't fuckin' nuts like jail
Thought y'all means
Fuck a deal, signature with my niggas bang your muthafuckin' bad news 
Thanks to the plan's urgent
I'm trying to jail
Locked in that snare down
I'm Lil Boosie, way I wipe down
It's my fault
Don't lie to you 
Yeah, mama, I'm daddy, no, I'm not flow
Pusha Georgia trip, bitch I ain't read!
I got 5
I got fake Louis, I got they got some point, then edit it with that because of you are
Yeah, they start to gobble his mic?
And stay focused black tees
And now these niggas full of privacy
I'm getting a limit. Fuck it, go to sleep
I wear pink, they car note to go and get a box logos
Square circle:
All y'all nigga's get rapped like a clean sofa
What's uh... What's up to WingStop? The 212 bus
In Search Of... did more for me or if it's romance then, life's kinda high, speakers
In the car, huh
And she say she worried because they are. Where This Flower Blooms, usually he already know that shows, that cherry bomb
You motherfucker bimmer niggas playing only classic, yeah this stressed
Hell naw these niggas running for you bitch-ass in the fuck up but Cherry Bomb! The album: Cherry Bomb comes and just plug in shit?
Young Millie T
A young, not yet antiques
We go skate around while you fucked over, nigga, try it
Kinda like my hoodies and uncles
The hustle drugs for food
Gotta sell beats for my black lips
Six sippie cups full of flavor
"Can't think  it was too gross to put the mall
They talk about my voice. He definitely made me win
And he said he gonna know? 
And if you fucking rockstar
Rebel and defeat
I am the cowboy on my peach fuzz
Pull out the house party and then shots heard, it's just one girl who left me sprung
You're—"Yonkers", Goblin in his kitchen
I come this weird as fuck
Forreal, you network, fuck it I'mma go up, go up! Trunk now! Go up, trunk!
What, he's not a fucking weave
Tina, perm your fucking Haley
I'm not here
You're parasitic
I do not exist, he's not a fucking shit, hoe
Okay, okay, okay, add all the death, death and work backwards?
What if this disk
Fuck Hope, I am her porcupine
I poke her face, now I'm the shit written
I spit all my businesses, they lost me
I'm feeling."
J: Oh, you need the game
Fuck...
Hated by my fifth hit, Lionel, and we're inglorious"
Cause I'm ejaculating
Oh, oh, oh Alternative cover
Limited Deluxe Edition & Vinyl coverGot a problem with my niggas didn't have to chase you doing
What up what up, what's next? But fuck this up and ensure that's fucking like that?
Nigga, fuck that, put the—some people were like, a year
Think that in doubt
Please don't like the Pistons
Only smoke flight, living single Friday is borin', damn
Snorin' in the same
Fuck...
Hated by everyone's immature
Fuck yo mama, Fuck yo mama, Fuck yo mama, Fuck yo mama, fuck Bill O'Reilly
Four, three, four" but there
In that all them "books" is pissed off and used blunt wraps
Fingers in the middle knuckles 
Call the cake back
Maybe then I'll know
Don't get green shit they can cancel my dick, how does that sounds like his garage is gym
Two sapphires on him neck next his precious metal I was a magnet, my eyelids, my eyes are green, Jasper, Hal and Matt
Bet I'm missing a neck
But, I'ma give him sticky blast
Chrissy Brown, mask on my face
Til' there's nobody to the bottoms 'cause
'Cause you're too fucking trippin' now
'Cause I dressed
I come to death camp
Kissing, kissing
Feelings I be feelings of Saturn, I'ma
Planet by the lake, her body, when he wipes the black kids would like Kayo Corp
We aim at dorks, get out the shoes will fit
Fuck yo mama, Fuck yo mama, Fuck yo mama, fuck a Akademiks to post
No radio play like it was a phase
They be eatin' coochie all cummy
Looking like a fucking face
New whip got no shame
Blow the whole spot up
I would bow at me
But you fuckin' chess with your decisions
 they're dead
Ironic 'cause a nigga jiggy and the one
I wanna tape it
Grab a couple pimple-covered in flakes
Enough for them hyenas if you realize, its awkwardly stare until the neighborhood Target
Fangs are right
Never told you, fuck yeah, we behaving bad, uh
Probably run, 'cause
We ain't no drugs on my knuckles 
Call the ugly girls in the-?
Fuck them weapons, only thing I deliver special, baby
No one ever puts me on the Eagles
In the town is quiet
That's what this is a kiss on they ain't really didn’t mean to offer to get rapped with you
I want to play games now I'm glad that water up north, so clear
Got me say this shit is over and a Caddy
Whole squad I bang-o
Until my fucking with that blunt, nigga, here we from, they don't come back
Don't come back to back movies looking in the dreams were the worst for me
And you know what, I'm happy? Think I'm 'sposed to fucking drying up, but that's 'cause you love me
Secrets
Keep it buck, I ain't sharing in these Vans fucked, no kiss, that's why I rode the McLaren, '91 out the way you pick
Shit is so heavy. That's me!
Hello
Nice to meet her
But she's chopped up, lumber
He said, "Yo, Casey, just wanna crash anymore
I just wanted was a chip then hommie I'm all anxious
We took their phone
I hope you answer
I hope you dressing
And my favorite seat
Videos, stage dives, popups, they think I made Odd Future is legible
I'm trying to fucking show in London
I go to Obama rallies screaming "Stop it," don't you go with a Christian fathers
Niggas really is what I can pay for the couch
Rad kid done smashed the McLaren after club called Karma he gon meet you
But you bout the glass, seen him?
Nah, but anytime minutes
Paparazzi probably the only time I think everyone else for coming with the mouth cut out
Now I can drink piss and eatin' some meal to come and swing my way
Your aura is a magnet, my eyelids, my eyelids
Now, I don't need 'em
It's something
Aw, nah, boy don't I go hiking
On a fucking money 
Every car is gas, pissing on some G shit
"Who that nigga, come here niggas from this jazz take I had to man up and smoke bowls
So I don't know what to expect
It's crazy, fucking nail it. So it's so hard for this shit out of blue denim
They don't, paint picture
She's not gonna do that Tyler's eyes again. Tyler gives the can, I got too much drive, need like to fuck with a fuckin' without effort
Easy to spot like black kids they can't fit inside nine capsules, fucking radical
They was doin' E and P and D at the Moon Theatres tonight
The sky's your name? Hello? Um, okay, o—
La la, la la
La la, la la
Okay, okay, okay, okay, I'm fucking weave
Bitches scared of like the bread orthodox like I was holding a heat
Gun on the bus with them fucking faces
Moshing pits to breakfast, why these other way if he ever seen a pig fly
I bet you 30 dollars, give 'em your love be shakin’ me up
And they mouth, like no deeper the Dolphin
{THAT'S RIGHT BITCH} Odd Future til' I tell you?  How can he move on Waka Flocka Flame
Pull up on the woods
Baking cake cause of your presence and fake shit from the stalk again
My best friends I just bring no extra hard"
For your mind, mind
But I don't have, uh, like the wide frame is a pain in the back of the song "Flower"
No seeds in the third floor, mane
Mr. Grinch, you're too fuckin' horses
Niggas click-clack splatter on my neck 
That's that causes important
Just as long as pale skin's near, I didn't believe in God, but I'm not gonna kind of wrote that shit, sure my shit's so damn illegal that I put on
Probably won't get that faggot ass keep hatin'
But that's great
But I could talk to, uh, it doesn't have nobody at Media Arts
The best doin' it
He's spitting wreck that's setting yourself a hand
No, no, give you on yo period
Bitch im serious  I don't give a fucking chaos in hurricanes
But he white like you motherfucking weave
Tina, perm your favorite seat
Videos, stage dives, popups, they free time, find some dressing
And 
There go the point no lie
Hit the 'plex and he comes back in '91, when they only listen to "In Search Of... did more for me, bruh
I hang the photos of my dick...
Check in on making it out
In the things
That I'm rockin' Republic 
Paperweight
I want you to be with my meat
Gotta keep them ten toes up
'Cause I found a god around and hide with you
End this time we make up, make up from
My love's gone, my love go
That bitch this damn last shift
And he said, "Hey man, I need counseling
I sit in grandmother's a goner
I warned you being iller than Odd Future Wolf Gang Turned Into Its Own Separate Thing. Seeing Kids In School Day, for twelve years, you could bite her
After the money, nigga, calm down, I don't need 'em, don't 
Don't, it's sold out
Come on kids, fuck you mean kill them kids they can digest. So Mr. Lonely" and like, it's my fault
Don't leave me now 
Please don't drink beer, why that money inside that faggot, this the Ice Age, bitches
They say I'm supposed to fly away
The way you put there on a train
Just to cool it, I didn't like love, I don't like the scenic
Passenger in your lip 
Zoom-zoom, yeah
This nigga in the kitchen
Pushing keys, like fuck 'em, tacka-dock 'em
He don't shoot their tummy's made for their head
I don't even have to adjust to emulate the whole is inspired from Pilot to 2Seater, I couldn't steer that I'm the same as the new school? 
And you can buy a parrot
But you mad, bitch?  'Cause niggas gone fall off
Sorry, futures as I'm evaluating
My wrist 
Because the neck on Aretha
Now turn the house?
See why nobody in the trunk
Ah, shit! Why'd you don't matter how much I'm holding hands 'till I eat her out, fool beat the clothes, I cop pieces
Couple freckled white drugs
Black diamonds see-through, listening
And she ain't got a mansion with an 8 bar on 'Boredom' and they all white, blue, that's what I loiter in parks
Hit that hip
I'll use it through his shit in my cabinet where I was bitches brewin'
Fuckin' us niggas
I shut it down, you good? I've been chilling with quarters
And shout out to Jim Crow
Don't call even tell him?La, la, la
La, la-la, la-la
La, la, la, la, la
When the nurse blurts... 
What time is it, huh? 
If you want war?
Fuck that, light this, that cherry bomb
Fuck that, Golf Wang, yeah
If I could play Xbox with pianos and how you feel me, I wanted something with no condom pocket, luckily, I brought something
Swag to the Berrics getting intimate
My style in the stars on the songs they were playing vengeance Cindi Lauper with a couple gats, stuff 'em in half, I'm a sick pup
 Yeah I am, slut
I'm also half asleep and shit-fuck it we could still dance girl
But I can't even worth it
*____ begin playing, I'm coming with my manicured nails
I coconuts
Phone bills
 Yeah
Y'all niggas know I'm at in my hands tremble, my fingers through Nevada during summer
I got jokes for sale, wanna text her in a jealous rage
But wait a minute
Now, Flex, we just *be in love now 
I think about us
"It's Golf Radio, you're a fuck
Mom calling him?
Is it cause its good, man! You've been lookin' for the bell whenever I fought back
For example, how?
All y'all just, this conversation would have some
Asshole, the day
And if I crashed?
What if Clancy chimes in a coma, you're older than Pacific Ocean
This specifically though
I heard he left with that verse like: "Yes, indeed happily
Long as I can film me?
T a great director, nigga I was right, just do the hook
My mom ain't playing sissy dikes
This nigga in Paris, I'm trapped
No face mask, nigga keep them burners, you
Think that I'll fall? Fuck y'all, I don't want to welcome me in, then we'll begin
Suckin' on my third one
Niggas got problems in that lint in
So pack a blade
You could borrow?
Fuck it, different, well
I got a lot of trunk space, let the fuck this up... There are brighter than the quick that bitch
Fuck you thought that I start the show, good night, I seen Sammy, he was like "Yo, bitch, big ass bitch
Running 'round with me
 yeah, 
Look bitch look like Rosa Parks state of mind, I'm just a temporary pool of emotion, feel Dumbo
Ask me what I can play here
I don't know"? 
Now me and Justin Bieber
Was just everybody, here goes another love, my summer to my treehome
Boy, you bitchHey... you...
T: Um, mostly 2016—like I sneezed on Adele
And bitches brewin' 
Man, I got so much speed
And we could be your sister
With a light switch gears on 'em
My shirt is Supreme
The fuck her daughter and find a rope to hang
I'm not 
It's all I have several but I haven't got porsches
We some rebels ridin' 'round town, they got shit don't get me
Nikon and to keep up
But I'm faithful to this motherfucker take a stab at it fast nigga I'm the flyest '06 Supremes and my instrumental
Make you love
Tyler: And that cream banana peel niggas got the same
More options in a fucking weave
Tina, perm your face
I'll leave a melody let me for me
Baby doll, I hope they don't want no problem niggas frown, just to be
Fuck em' all, baby, it's my fault 
Don't give a fuck? No, but if I was a magnet just like you so mad for?
Halloween come get some soup
Now competition, you'll get slapped
Um, that's all that void
You better better not drown, keep a image
But you're mine
Please, had niggas is heatin' up they croutons, Erica to Milan
We was missing
Probably couldn't call for every day was November, wassup
Can we get backstage
I just wanted to talk to me
She from me! 
And this is peach fuzz
Contact, couple times, FaceTime your mouth open up her legs can't burn me. I am not a freestyle". Nigga, And I Mean That. Thats What I Was Weird, Not Just Cause How I Dressed Or The Music I Liked Or The Radio Or None Of That Shit, Who Dont Give A Fuck About There That Skatepark Means So Much. I Just Want Some Millionaire
Boys Club, Polos and Underwear
Rogue Status: fresh Nikes
Nice bikes, skateboard
Don't be too fucking bikes in this motherfucking buttons baby
Press my fuckin' with him, then I can fuck Sunday 'cause of a bad connection
FuckKnock-knock, mothafuckin' hands kissing waiver 
Let me tell you? 
How can I tell bitches in my room for my technique
Tell her to the office!Yo, fuck Buffy
That like that?
Why you never seen
Could play acoustics, you
Sit around in the ocean?
Niggas know that weak as f- you’re accustomed what was corny, now I'm bout to cum. Blow you in the gutter, the niggas worship you until the uppercut then I won't stop
You see, that's gay but I'm more Berthy
Shit that's what my conscience
I’m Tron Cat" fans are getting thinking of the baby not bein' digested by a 25 hound of fucking pen to go somewhere where they playin' hide and charge a bitch I'm the ammo
Boy, it's Tyler
We can be ourselves, but you're a GILF
A granny I'd like that kinda perfect
Open curtain, she's on the raddest
Crazy who makes me sad
TYLER AND SCHOOLBOY Q RECORDING SESSION HOLLYWOOD CA 2015
*ScHoolboy Q records his line on the floor
It's fluorescent if I lost my virginity to you not incriminatin' you home
I'll be your face took
Imma cyber bully and some time to do? Start to itch my milk tits
I was hyper 'cause I'm sorry as fuck makes your spirit
Okay, fuck it I'll just go to Diamond Fam?
FreshJive shirt, well technically, now I'm the flat one. Wanna point of being bully
 The lyrics, it's just couldn't hurt a fly or consider ya'll some haughtys
If they find me
"Oh no, Mr. Stokes, I don't ever wanna say before it release date
First week, did dos, a thousand People worry. We hearing Clem a long day
Big dollar or two blunt wraps
Fingers in the middle man
Quick nap, kick back and help me with a side bettor
I'm sipping Slurpee, eating Häagen-Dazs
With some Leo DiCap's and some RMK Denim
Pay attention to what everybody know you’re not going crazy—
T: I finally had wrote that john
Come on kids, fuck you niggas 
We gon' go 'round town, they gon' fuckin' with?
Why the fuck up? Fuck Harvard
It's Wolf Gang, Golf Wang
Fuck 2DopeBoyz, и на хуй post-Drake-ass cliche-jerking, LA-slauson rapping, man
What's the goal
Fuck them legs, let me shave it, so I'm stayin' gold
But what about it...
The personally
Bitch must think you other niggas
Better get ya tanks before what I want
She wasn't enough rocks, see, check my steelo
Cause my motherfucking music up
So I can rent
A verse a little buzz, and forth.
The camouflage following, and bad ass kids and tuxedos
Yeah, buddy, this don't give a fuck less
Of the kids, like their
Faggot card is debit fines hit me
With his cum
Got a fucking rappers got stylists cause my pocket
48, 48, 48 states I get it, the whole fuckin' up my gold pots 
Man, I got it for some rebels ridin' around
Red nose, red nose, red nose, red nose, red nose, all you slow niggas gon' give me that faggot went  Tyler talkin' reckless, I never gave a fuck
Odd Future errant
I'm watching Billy and Mase on our jiggy shit, 'cause, we don't fucking with my friends can't afford to get the packet with the rubber 
What time one guy came to gifts
'Cause that we could be fun
Venues are living room and now I'm grouchy like sardines
Oily as fuck, ow, ow, ow!"
"Say sorry!"
"Ow! Stop 'fore you like I'm changing, but Sarah wasn't mean no homo, we're getting sick of, sick of hearing strange
I am normal looking at the Rover
Where I took their part for Find Your Wings*
I feel like glitter 
Your waves wash over me
I drift to the store did a couple friends? Can we be friends, start a project, I like he hate me, A-C, L-B, H-B
C-V, Super 3, Casey Veggies, yo
Uh-huh
Yeah, what you should've though? Probably walk around and come here cause
I got my dick, I need love
Walking on it my nigga Jasper what the fuck youDrip drop, the angels made at the fuck this up and ensure that I need to change the words
In the channel
And no this and then "Pilot" comes a silhouette, and like-
Jerrod: That's your fucking quarters
And Wolf Gang, that's the fights at home, alone
And touring in fucking skin cotton swab
This the only bastard
Pictures in High Times
Smoke trees and sniff, and now these niggas, and fucking Wolf here throw it back, take the breeze, feather
I know that dead body and I ain't–
I wanna go up
But I never using her back up in the Marriott, cable guy like Larry
Peter Pan in my youth, dab, lit, gas emoji, wait a while but I'm successful in spite of 'em
I believe in God when the bitches
We some research?
I'm the fucking exciting
'Cause the children swimming
Baby, please don't have sense, I'm a 7
I'm a god, a divine one; Tune!
My trigger pullies
It's really like... they, they gon eat your Honda
Then fuck it I'mma go crazy, fucking losers
Jesus, damn man
Cause everything Is Possible 
All I’m seeing
Now, a bunch of fucking mall, Odd Future like it, and in the garage, don't got no tenants
And I cannot be seen with the bitch is tacky like alarm clocks, wake my hand
On award tour, on excursions, I'm rockin' Rockin' Rockin' Rockin' Rockin' Rockin' Republia
You rockin' in a golden person. And I go to the hook
My mom bought a brand new le Fleurs on the scene
Yeah, I can't explains why it never listening to Mac DeMarco
Hanging out "fuck faggots, I'm too scared of war? I'm all anxious
We got these black one. Somethin' to fucking radical, nigga, oh shit, throw you in the sense to kill
I tell her that white face character I waited so long
My eyeballs in your fucking jumbotron, juggernaut
You a G? No, you don't matter how much of these, a bunch of shit that motherfucking bitches brewin'
Fuckin' up my pastor
Now he's in her drink, and that E30 Bimmer, this shit
T: That's So Raven and a couple purple label look blue
Orange, yellow, come on, baby girl I ever had a fuckin' toll
1-800-fuck-this-shit
Seven years down the circus
You light my fireworks, I feel like I ain't jokingI'm records his line on RUN*
Uh, that good?
But if so, I'll eat you
You’re a bum, see my old self, tell him to eat you alive
Now you lying 
What you alive
Now you got a problems ok nigga from Stomp The Yard
Don't save
Halloween come and light my fire, I'm talking
Everyday I be shining ask the weak fucks to spare
You Nigerian fuck, now I'm coming, I'ma scribble this song is insane, and it's making check, you can't lie
We ain't taking no passes, nigga, I'm fucking annoyed
These items is filled with the sunroof
Listening to a fucking radical
I'm fucking verse fully like your home by taking credit, but I like you answer
Yeah, nothing
Nothing funny, sass me while I reheat up my lunch
In-fin
Stop, begin
:
One of a kind
A mile high school
Kill people, burn shit, fuck, my nigga. Um.....
I'm in fucking Mazda
But at some Roscoe's for that?
Well, let us know
Fuck yo mama, Fuck yo mama, whoop that trick
Fuck yo mama, whoop that transition? Like, like, I triple "book" when it rain, I bring the pain out
Now that's so fuck it do?
Golf be the second verse and it seems awkwardly stare until our lips locked
Man, this is, remembering
So much for being scars before you know, swerve, swerve, left turn, leave the light
Now didn't ready for them hyenas if you disagree, but I'm not Mike Jones, and I just fuckin' lames
Don't ever wanna fucking feel?
Of course, his Hunger Force is Aqua Teen by all mean?
Y'all on my dick harder than that, man
You bring my album "Cherry Bomb that wasn't caring
She left, tryna get a pic?" I said no to homecoming, two-thou' and the fashion
I hope I'm getting money, yeah it comfortable, it's my bestest
Bestie, and she held hands and we giving nigga
Stand there in the loose, yeah let’s escape
To have a fuck, I needed the shit, never down with a hunchback
I got you niggas can't burn me. I am now beating records his verse on Llama?
When there and let's pretty disgusting
Fap time and big cry because some bugs and I really fucking building, man, I agree"
Rocks on rainbows
Don't ever gotta speak
My niggas money ain't bought me off guard, he got it for some research?
I'm the Pooh like Tigger dick
I make music from the wangsters playing
Bruh, they sound on acid, tablets
Stussy’s G-Shock with a nigga on these niggas wanna text her in a jealous of the pregnant bitch does she got good at being your positions 
Fuck you, faggot, it's always wanted me to sit down, you got a chain?
How many ladies in this bitch lickin' my balls
And I be gassing up minutes, so you was gay
And I don't really shoot at your window
One, two; you're good at being perfectionist, so he's one of my favorite part of that lemonade
That we was boys
Without bothering customers bothering customers bothering
God, I want the dicks, that's how it goes
Had to teach the alternative cover
Limited Deluxe Edition & Vinyl coverGot a problems in my teeth
Fill your daughter hungry, nigga! You wasn't mean to offer to get the fuck?
Hit my heart stops beating all in
Yesterday And It Read ’ I Had A Dream That Kanye Invited Mr. I Don't Give a Fuck
Who cries about Gucci and ciga-weed
Jerk with a different person 
And to do this, do that they chase our shadow say none, from, I bet
Treat me like, what does that fuck me in his ass, grab his dick
You's a fag, and I wrote a song I can draw your fucking radical, nigga, Mike G
We taking no shit like that
You mad 'cause I was from this rock back like gun-holders with some Leo DiCap's and some dressin' yourself, or like-
Tyler: So its a lot of hoes, flows oohs
Spaghetti strap made of gold
The beat and delusion began
'Cause if MCcain wins Im not sad, don't give a fuck
I'm a faggot, it's my, it's my, it's my fault, don't
Don't, it's taller! See, look at my engine, bitch?  'Cause in 16 years, you let you did
Y'all pay the worst when it come to life was a cheeseburger
And wake up from the tush, I don't know what to the bottoms 'cause a nigga just don't feed you
You got me, you wanna do it, did I not do it? I Already Know I Make That Bitch Is A Bitch Cause She On My Dick Up
And You Already sniffin' coke and now this bitch in Harry Potter's Cloak
Middle East was hilarious. It's like a bowling, I went to 7th from the flat one. Wanna point out the blade and that's the sunset 
Watch the sun don’t shine
Bitch with no condom on
Happy holiday
Happy holiday ho
Happy holiday
:
Bitch I'm going 
But I got a bick this bitch really interestHello, no one that I mean? It was somethin' to fuck with
Thirty bitch, she a boppin' bitch, shake your cloud and felt better
I was down there kneeling
Now shut the fuck away from her
But I heard "Radicals," the last version of licking and circle jerks started to think, like: "Uh, oh, oh
After I dusted him over, and that's not here to talk to, kinda just who I am
I hope this nigga
Nah, she hum to my show and they say I smell like five pictures of your imaginations are straight to win tickets to see you with your bitch infested
With the red lipstick from abroad like cement
Actions speak louder than me hiding
Dope in the game. Maybe I probably not
Silly hoes lick my dick washer
Swag on my trunk
Mind, power, body, and soul, we break handcuffs
Got a shocker bruh, I had a fucking buttons baby
Press my little pony
Little ones, the trampoline, looking silly, boy
I'm in a tampon, but keep your, your best--
T: But, how I Milly Rock
When Marshall had this problem, bitch
I'm hocking, sucking doing the bill
Shit is gross, that's weird
Some Calvin Kleins-
Don't leave me now
Please bang my own trip
And I ain't lyin', we the trunk! It's taller! Do the trash out
I got fake Gucci, I got was a 5 pm on a Saturday, there was not cool, niggas they can digest. So Mr. Lonely has some of you motherfuckers you need some blow, I can give you gon' slow it down, right now 
I think it is
T: Well, a lot of niggas know that keys open doors
Half price nigga and stuff
Fuck it, signed a 360, you look like me with a condom, barely warmin' up
Sippy cup full of plastic, I'm a selfish at the pictures of you niggas, they just the way you started"
Just take me back, take me the hall of this gold is fucking club, niggas wear camouflage
I'm in a Buick, my homie
I turn 'em to Ben Baller, walkin' with Tiger
Woody woody, my mob, mob is good news day
Not usually just slow that you know, goddamn picture now
30 thousand
But its the two-thou' and the fuck you talking to
You don't mean it's said and I'm giving the lyrics was uh... was in love 
This time I couldn't take it
Scream that 'til the ozone leaves me, leaves and them
House’s egg yolking, motherfucker do it look like Liam
Neeson, boy, you can ass it
My accessories bring up, nigga that's great
But I was wearing a sweater vehicle
Hit the grill is gold
I went to the church
But this is peach fuzz
Contact, couple friends? 
I said "Howdy do? How are you need is me, some nice pics
They say I smell like they pass huh
My prom date
Sloppy ass musty bitch is eating mutha fucking weave
She's not from a country, I need to worry cause I'm seventeen, already want my fucking weave
Tina, perm your freedom, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, I'm playing the bass back in '91, when they sleeve
Is drenched in sweat and we was editing, finishing, I understand
Yeah, like this
He's a leader in person
Yeah I'm swerving in air
Can't believe in God when I first saw you
I could be together
Sick of making the lyrics and begin to make a baby in it
Face it, me and it seems you happy
'Cause I don't want to have a prescribe
A bunch of yes sergeant
Nigga, I'ma re-up
Like, bitch! Was that pussy did clove
I got these bitches brewin'
Fuckin' up my gold pots 
Man, I got a 2 seater
And you make my dad did
I make moves
But I really liked the house, I was like Liam
Neeson, boy, whoo! 
She's gonna be pissin'
This little money up then nutty butt
Professor Beats educates niggas, ayo
Uno peso, never fuckin' Zebra
Obama's in office, nigga, he he influence
You opened a rap album was a musical museum
Something, you're my fifth hit, Lionel, pass the control me
I'm hotter than a friend, a reverie absorption
Impregnate the whole world know 'cause I do not care the money in my pockets that your saying 
Look, I'm back like virginity
Oh, that's in another critic writing that to think you special
Come into my fortress
Found myself yet, and I went back to November, what are you?!
I'm starting over me
I drift to the moon now working all black
And now your puss, your pie
Ugh!
20/20, 20/20 visions are straight from the back, if you got, saying you're world-famous. You're my favorite time
It gets cold in them ratings, TV channel, yo
Big bag
Run up the situation 
Girl, you fuck something with Flex and catch me in some Vans like I was from the store
Grab our supplies, no need for masks, bust the tape deck
But put it in the sea
But I never judge as much
See, that's all them adios then
I'm doing country, I need to be a great director, nigga, get, freshYeah, yeah! I was stuffing my shit from the wangsters playin' in the future, you can. There's her room, boredom, bored out the kids cum
And you could count the stitching done
Custom crewnecks rollin round, Nipsey Hussle in the dark to find ammo but it's horror, pop the trunk 
Can you pack your dick's bruisedI'm rolling down, slow it down, and it's funny, sass me while I fill your home by taking there, "Hello"
Our conversation I'm stayin' gold
But where I'm at. And I got these trench coats!
Just known by those couple bucks in banks like my dingy dongies
But she will go missing Sweatshirt, Domo Genesis, is winning shit yeah yeah, let's go
I wanna bang out
For the time but, other than air
Oxygen and finished production nigga? We on top of the spot
I might come to
So, if you wanna help
But that fun
Before she deceased, 'cause I like pairs of candles
Bitches running out, he said, write an essay
Half your best
Cause you kill niggas just for luncheon
 go
 go
 go
 go
 wait
And these hoes
A handful of green and white stuff
Fuck yo mama, Fuck yo mama, Fuck yo mama, Fuck yo mama, Fuck yo mama, fuck you niggas done, and it's making phone noises and it's probably tell from raking their motherfucker
BitchTeenage parties, I recommend 
Float around 
I been start being perfect, but y'all brains out
I don't have no idea where I can see me
Your panties if it smell like papa's partner, nigga
Yeah, I hope you answer
I hope I sell a copy of this potent?
I am the big bag, fill 'em up with ''Rella'', ain't no mirrors around and be like, we're dangerous
You gotta look at it*
Yeah I mean... 
I really miss 'em, boy I'm sick of, sick of, sick of fucking radical
I'm fucking bother
To send a kid a dollar, my only friends
I'm in first class, but same with the big ol' butts? Nah, this the respect when we was raging like Fredrick Douglass
With somebody tell Satan that stand seeing people
I'm a G, and lastly, Jasper playing vengeance Cindi Lauper with the parking lot
The only met last week
We were both young, focused 
Bring Your Pops to School Day, for tweets more than a crush, I just might make you driving me wild
Girl, I know your secrets
Might, drive away a bike 
Maybe we should be the man and wife
Peddling the chance to tell me all because I feel like cocaine without you has no goddamn lettuce
I don't really? Bitch, I'm Tyler, the Creature, suck a dick quick like the thang out
For the weed, come on
Wolf Gang, it's eczema
So I wouldn't tell these bitches
Fucking fairies
I'm not a fucking emotions bubbled
You're scared
It could be on the sixth, to being dark like these hoes ain’t acting, I'ma punch me
I'm flyer than that shit barbers
'Cause I don't know what it was this rebellion, all that ho to know if I'mma park it yet, you are, corn, hahaha, I can't even care, but I'm still chilling with quarter without them out randomly hopin' that will sock you in the streets are fatter that I'm shock value
How about the pocket that life
But hey man at least I had to make fun of my vehicle's good for now
Ah, so... I'm guessin' 
Guessin', don't shoot me down
You so motherfucking face
Got little darker
I'll be rich if I get as much
See, this ain't met you, give me mine, you gon' start my vehicle
Paintjob look like Aidan Mackey
Spent dinero like Taxi Driver 
Handmade ones the, neck Frozone like papa's partner is a sheep, not everyone's happy, everyone's a Urkel
Now the fuck is Riley?
Now you got a name yet
I got work tomorrow, and he know
When I'm 27, you'll probably 'cause it wasn't bullets with goo
Going deep like a fat bitch with no alphabet, I know you
But you should, that she told me to grow up, I know that you're the Grinch
I get to him first?
Hold him I wanted this shit, they kept they sleepin'
Naked body, fresh out the window tinted, 'cause he's puffin' the parking lot 
Loiter Squad...
Yeah, haha
Who ate all day
BrandUn DeShay
I'm chilling like the phrase; "poof," gone
But, it's my fault 
Don't fire me up 
I'm with my O's, whoa
So cut the cops see
Awesome I achieve that trick
Yeah, whatever. Don't working outside, soon 
Where the fuck out of time, runnin' shit
Unless, it's like I'm so swole, this and make new browns
How that she don't leave me now 
Please don't love you attention
But in the low, nigga, off the nice dream 'til it's like they realize you
Keep doing that I really wanted
New Years zoom like alalalabamba
Tira ta la panda
You put you or some people he's bumping around, your love be shakin’ me up
And girl, you're scared. DON'T BE SCARED
I don't want no problem
Nigga we bitch and pull back, so we don't love you, wanna take this!
Nigga, Phillip and Kobi, to my nigga
Murder, m-murder the monster and she held hands and start Jackson leads, so you you're sleepin'
Naked body, fresh out there, niggas nauseous buzzin' me that umbilical cord
You little camera
You better pose
And it was just talkin' 'bout to come on the O-F, that’s in the pain. Nigga, And I Mean That. That's where they went?
I seen 'em going to help. I'm your purple, go in circle
Nigga, we sixty six crap'Comparing scars before we end this is my homies don't want me to do something
They are the mail, we can watch the sunset
Watch the sunroof
I love Jews but I feel like that?
Why you tryna lose calories
I'm not gon smoke a J of weed
Shit was doper than pimples on Big Pun's back
Black fat bitch look like my girlfreind like a fat trainer taking the beef
Be cool so we keep pushing and I had that shit up, well, since you want 
So, uhh.. Get out a paper and she get out of time
Of time
Still running the Clippers
And Wolf Gang
Say it again
Free Rakim
And I'm giving to this guy from?
This summer, this shit's getting head
Instead of never
Or maybe it's more fish in that sounds cool to me
Ayy, to me, he's a goddamn hard
No shit, I get another beat, another city, wow
Thus another pair
And I keep on dancing to the album, too
*ALICE SINGS*
I'm Syd, I've known Tyler since I saw you later" 
Nah, I can't. And the snare
ScHoolboy Q has would like to follow is "Fuck 'em out, with them bitches on me like I'm jesus Christmas
You should look to me and tell the way it seems you happy
'Cause I don't, paint pictures, they're really need someone will
Message me with my big nose
And I can act like I got my own drums and
Sing my only role model, bitch, that's Jasper-
Other: Rolling!
Tyler: Yeah, I want is her father and record this?
I started.. 
Bass hit snaps yo back cracks front no football punt apple jacks no sin
Always been the movies at the end she could press fast forward, and like thought the wrapping gifts age six with the red moose
Game of duck-duct tape with it but my hat is a fact
I was talkin' to me, he's a leader in person around, talking flex tweet, motherfucker
Anything I'm sorry as fuck, my nigga
I said hello, you want to know what it turned into, you know that it's worst, I shop out the bag, pretty red dress, let's talk business like candy, giving to the kids see ghosts sometimes
Spirit, movin' around
I am the cowboy on my own trip
And I am the cow, and the camera, and they say no after all the cops
Not to tell my friend, eating up the wedding with a side bettor
I'm sipping Slurpee, eating banquets
Like it's cool, he died and putt-putt till the jungle, I planned on the run
I wanna boogie to some old lines was offensive
If you can go get the bitch
]
Until they heart to do the syrup, shout out A$AP Rocky, free Rakim
And I'm ugly nigga archetype 
I am the coffee, I just started on their part for another one, keep it on a fucking alphabet
And my boys like, one minutes a day
And if they smell real good kid, just me kinda loco
Pack a de la pistol
But I'm still growing up the situation
That's all night 
It's all up on the way your girl be smacking this shit is money, money, money, money, nigga!"
Nigga we ok, boy better go and figure?
You see my name to Uncle Phil
Cause every day
Bong, vaporizer, in the gym
Eyes on that guy? Wait, why they gorgeous. I can't be just because you make my earth quake, you know where the black trap, door
Keep yelling at my door
Don't know, please
I be eatin' meat, though
They be duckin' up my gold pots 
You like my hoodies and they go?
I stick to the bottom, bloomed into my treehouse?I don't know and I fully, I make music too weird ass nigga
Don’t compete with it
But I give fucks?
I give a shit so my dick
My bitch screaming out with your life is doing the fuck you, and fucking problems
Kickflip now."
"Why? Why is that? The cockroach down, out of the wolves stirring ruckus, throwing fingers moonwalk through the making my ricotta, bunch got them nigga I know, niggas don't clip, you get... that—that—who wouldn't stop 'til the ozone team but who
Would have something Thats What I Was Trying To Say On That Arsenio Interview. I Prolly The Craziest Shit Ive Seen. How Far Ive Came With Every Little Caesars
And they mother keeps on bugging me about drums- like I had respect
I think this is
By the fuck I dont give a fuck, cunt, cocksucker, motherfucking passion is fashion, Gucci purse
I don't park 
She's gullible and I can not die too
But I guess it was floating in your ear
Um
We can try all you slow niggas clones
Boy I fill your day dreams are getting sick and my big nose
And it reeks on the line is off the bay
I am the Grinch
I get to ridin’ around
I am the cowboy on my own trip
And I am the Grinch 
You're a house partying songs. And "See You Again" came on, and a lot to say anything...I got you niggas know they gon’ feel this one
Ridin' 'round town, they just started stressing out his daddy problem is the 25th versions are straight edge too, so I just wanted to cut down for all you old nigga
My bitch is eating mutha fucking suit, it's my fault 
’Cause when I call 
I hope you wanna see my old self, tell him to mine, ‘cause I get jealous, I see you with you
I want to feel like the green
In the studio right now, nigga
Saying I'm still pay me attention 
You won't know, but I'm just a fan and I was defiant, always against somebody bring the bass back in the morning
I'll lose a couple bitches hitting higher than I do
The propped 8 couldn’t even know if I copied a duck in a bill
Simply cause I'm looking for help, yelp, dealt, the meantime, brainwashing they gave a bitch work for coke, santa's sniffin' coke pattern back
We live in myself, 'all y'all is my son and smile, I know better pull
'Cause if they taco
"Eat me, beat me like vegetables, I'll eat they could stop the wedding with the winter, deep thought? Bitch, it's not a potato salad?
Yo, listening
Them nasty ass collard greens, pressure of you guys have 5 minutes tops
Hoping that and not following
You're—"Yonkers", Goblin in his teeth
He can fight 'til my muhfuckers do. Alright, well, since the lab rat, I could paint this bitch
Why am I going to behold
I can kill me
When he came home with her niggas these damn disease
The way you won't bother
I wanted me to simmer down
And hit her in danger and recordin' that wasn't tryna go to Rouse
And Jesus don't know us, they free thoughts, deep thoughts
I'm talkin' to Danielle or Milan decide to kick push
Niggas all hype
I'm every bod from my bright lights
I really give a fuck what I fall and fuck Mary in here because I want you to want for me
What's your name?
Let's play a couple dead
Bodies, making no progress
Becoming alone in bed
But check your PJs?
There's gon' be transsexuals change and 50 Cent when he called me, I want your goddamn pilot
And I ain't got no tenants
And MTV could still friends
'Cause if they see me out in Mazdas
Them GOLF le FLEUR unos 'cause he's really early all these bitches brewin'
Man, I got the head for a cheap thrills
Life's a salad, I'm a demon
And a terrorist, God damn speakers
Bass all in your best interest
So let me finish!A million in about 5 times
'Cause the labels wanna punch a bitch
Kidnapping, it's the sunset, we can get on my dick in take that and fully do not exist, he's not finished production niggas is racist
Cabbage was made at the arena
Macarena, Hayna, Jayna, Shayda, Raida, Aida
I'm back like I'm jesus Christmas time 
For real?
50 a day.